I found one review from a genuine critic....he gave 3/5 for captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/68cLe5vwXm
:D Captain Marvel exclusive screening today, March 7, 2019, 2pm, at Shangri-La Plazas Red Carpet. :). *Catch Captain Marvel and other upcoming hollywood blockbusters and local films at 
Captain Marvel on Friday pic.twitter.com/BM5Kk2sh36
CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW pic.twitter.com/S1XySebyWp
Win our Hasbro 8 Captain Marvel toy Giveaway! 
(The like was for the Captain Marvel part. Not the appendix part)
Captain Marvel tickets purchased. pic.twitter.com/FRIXzdpN02
Aside from Brie's perfect portrayal as Captain Marvel, Samuel L. Jackson also did a really great performance as the young versions of Nick Fury. He's the source of fun in this movie, especially when Fury is with Goose the 'cat'. They're both the real scene stealer in this movie. pic.twitter.com/LnbS1opycC
All I can say is the C.M fans better be praying that Dony Cates doesnt write for Captain Marvel. Goodbye Chewy
thanks for the reminder... to go see Captain Marvel . #youareamoron
After which we can all focus on pressing matters........ Like Captain Marvel
my criteria for captain marvel being Excessively Good as a movie is if she gets to rip an alien warship in half with her bare hands. but also if they just dont have a scene where shes rendered helpless for a prolonged matter of time, thatd be good too
THE CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER YESS #Legacies
"Much better idea to call Captain Marvel right wing propaganda". I mean... it is. Who's saying it isn't?
sooo might be seeing captain marvel this weekend cool cool cool
I had to get my ticket for captain marvel yesterday cause them bitches was selling out
Oh wow if you didnt buy Captain Marvel tickets for this weekend yet, shows are selling out and even remaining shows have just edge seats left.
ra nood captain marvel
I've watched every MCU movie at the IMAX 3D threaters when tickets were available.. I'm going to watch Captain Marvel on a lame ol' regular screen.
Phew got my Captain Marvel ticket because @NikHampshire is a wild man and buys tons of tickets when they go on sale and bless him for doing so because opening night is sold out.pic.twitter.com/02FZvOEjel
"All the bad reviews are only from men". "Why Captain Marvel being mediocre is actually a triumph". and now.... "A hashtag from 2014 is to blame". These spicy takes excusing Captain Marvel being 'meh' are all freakin' gold.
@AwesomEmergency the new cast featurette for captain marvel confirms that the lady in the trailer is the supreme intelligence! Here is a link 
So yesterday Marvel told us that they put Black Widow on hold to focus on Captain Marvel in 2014, and today they're telling us that they put Jac Schaeffer  off Black Widow to do Captain Marvel?. What's this? My queen Natasha rly is an adopted child, huh? 
JAMES WOODS Takes a Shot at CAPTAIN MARVEL. 
Captain Marvel
Happy Captain Marvel Eve
TOMORROW IS CAPTAIN MARVEL DAY MARCH 6 HERE WE G O
Captain Marvel, Us and Dumbo 
i cant watch captain marvel bec of my midterm exams great
So we gonna be able to get captain marvel anytime soon or nah?
I am not going to lie...if Captain Marvel meets or exceeds its projections for box office? It will make me smile, even if I dont end up caring about the film.
Im confused how did this movie become the alternative to Captain Marvel?? #AlitaChallenge
I support this. Captain marvel is meh.. let's move on to quality entertainment!  #GoT
Ph so apparently everyone knew about green book that way but me. Lol captain marvel tomorrow it is.
This is me introducing my baby sister to Captain Marvel (I showed her a photo of Brie before the costume and the pop toy) and her in response showing me her hair which looks just like Carols  pic.twitter.com/7sFcSDjFDs
I agree, it's absolutely childish but contrary to the narrative of many not misogynistic. I have my concerns regarding Captain Marvel but they all have to do with character and storytelling. Anyway, I just got my tickets for Captain Marvel and will Form my own opinion about it.
Captain Marvel was set in 1995. #CaptainMarvelOnPaytm #CaptainMarvel #Mumbai. @007Kerkar
Captain Marvel goes 1-8-7 on an undercover cop.. Dumbo is going to turn us all into wrist cutters & for some reason I created a poster for an upcoming A24 movie. I had no idea?. All this & more, only on 'BlackTime E-Press'. 
i'm seeing gal gadot fans shitting on captain marvel and brie on my tl... sit down
finally got my tickets to see captain marvel on thursday
Let me get this out of the way, if you're excited to see Captain Marvel, THAT'S FINE. See what you want, and I do hope you enjoy it if you do. But people should be allowed to criticize this movie. Stop using "diversity" and "representation" as a Get Out Of Jail Free card.
'Captain Marvel' throws back to the '90s with optical illusion posters designed to make you hate yourself 
@TheLastLeg #IsItOk all I want anyone to talk about this week is captain marvel #fuckoffbrexit #HigherFurtherFaster
With the success of the Mermaid Man movie, I have faith in the #Shazam movie, aka the ORIGINAL Captain Marvel.
#EmilyBlunt would have made a great Captain Marvel.
Im assuming you do realise it but are just refusing to admit it to justify your hate on captain marvel. hopefully one day Ill find someone who has an actual legitimate reason to hate her movie
CAN I JUST SAY FUCK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO IS TURNING ALITA INTO A CONSERVATIVE OPTION TO CAPTAIN MARVEL- YALL LEGIT MISSED THE POINT OF THE FILM AND IT MAKES ME SAD AF THAT PEOPLE ARE USING THIS AS A POLITICAL STATEMENT WHEN BOTH THESE FILMS ARE ABOUT INCLUSION
I got to see Captain Marvel early, and Im not saying it was bad, but prepare for a very stupid week online.
83% for Captain Marvel  cant wait for Saturday
Someone can take me to see Captain Marvel for my birthday tho  lol
Happy Friday Lopers! Did you know our office is giving UNK students a chance to see the new Captain Marvel movie for FREE? All you have to do is click the link below to save your spot! #FunFactFriday. FREE drinks and FREE popcorn on March 11th at 9pm.. 
Having a great day! The captain marvel stuff is gold and seams more entertaining than the movie.. #BoycottCaptainMarvel
im gonna make last minute custom shirts for my mom and i for the captain marvel opening night fan event yeehaw
SOCIAL MEDIA EMBARGO LIFTED!. This is a limited edition Captain Marvel pin handed out to everyone who attended yesterdays screening of CAPTAIN MARVEL. Thats right! I already saw Captain Marvel!! I know everything! NOW I can talk about it! @mor100 @CaseyBoyCasey @FrankCaliendopic.twitter.com/wsh6n2Hb4w
'Captain Marvel' throws back to the '90s with optical illusion posters designed to make you hate yourself  #tech #news #smallbizpic.twitter.com/GfdVp1hkib
RX Lightning Leotard Captain Marvel > Belly Leotard Miss Marvel > Binary > Red Blue And Gold Captain Marvel > @ZacharyLevi Captain Marvel > Hatin Fandom @brielarson Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/dmGLlpORDM
Cause of this elaborate (uncalled for) rant? I just saw a tweet bashing Captain Marvel, I had actually been seeing negative reviews on youtube, but I didn't pay them any mind. Inclusion is the chief factor for this movie imo (not making a damn good movie).
got distracted and instead i am now pissed at the youtube comments of captain marvel and shazam :(
Forgot about I gotta catch Captain Marvel on Friday
Wonder Woman was good, I'm sure She-Ra is good and I'm certain Captain Marvel will be on the MCU par but comparing them to things that aren't good just devalues it. You're basically saying mediocrity is good enough, that diversity shouldn't demand higher standards
I would like to remember Captain Marvel as he was-a He. Thanks @Marvel but no thanks.
#AlitaChallenge this weekend! Watch Alita this Friday, with an ACTUAL strong female lead, unlike Captain Marvel. . DON'T MAKE NARRATIVES. DON'T PUSH ACTIVISM. DON'T HIRE RACISTS AND SEXISTS. JUST MAKE GOOD MOVIES. #Equality
Really want to see Captain Marvel. The fact it's getting review bombed by sexist idiots just makes me want to see it even more than I did before.
CAPTAIN MARVEL POST CREDIT SCENES OMG!!!! #captainmarvel #avengersendgame
it's so awesome seeing a badass female kick ass out in space instead of another male superhero and their typical fights in the sky,  captain marvel is gonna be so good i'm way too excited
told my therapist that our next session is on the premiere of captain marvel and we got hyped HAHAHA then we returned to therapy business lol
i see captain marvel on thursday!!!!
Captain Marvel this Sunday! Cant wait
Who is watching Captain Marvel with me Thursday night for the premier ?!!??!?!?!!??
@WholeNewWorld2  I chatted with you a while back, didn't I?  We talked abut Aquaman and the Black Widow film.  I got my account permanently suspended by a Captain Marvel fan and I didn't do anything wrong.
Brie Larson on Captain Marvel: Wasnt putting on costume and playing strong pic.twitter.com/wOQ8K88GCJ
Captain Marvel is almost here! Do you have your tickets? Click the link for showtimes 
Thomas tomorrow:. Wow I can't believe Captain Marvel and Phil Coulson are Peter Parker's biological parents and that everyone is a skrull
Captain Marvel meets some of the highest expectations yet for a Marvel movie 
How's Captain Marvel, anyone?
never planned to do it on its premiere day here but i might actually go and see captain marvel tomorrow, gemma chan i will come for u
I THINK IM GONNA SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL NEXT THURSDAY
Ive seen a lot of men in the past 12 hours say theyre not into captain marvel and not a single woman so Im guessing its great.
In conclusion, I feel like Im not going to like Captain Marvel as much as those movies. I think its going to come in closer to movies like Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
Captain marvel premieres next Friday, must be nice
Im watching the acting not the gender in captain marvel tonight! So if I dont like it its not because Im sexist but because I just didnt like it! However if I live it its because the acting is great! (Just warning u because I took heat for not liking Wonder Woman)
I can't wait to see Captain Marvel next week. Going with my mum and having Nando's before the cinema.. @brielarson is not only a wonderful actress but she's also a dedicated activist for diversity and committed to breaking the dominance of the white patriarchy.. #captainmarvel pic.twitter.com/7DEZDX25rv
Wasnt captain marvel a male and the SJW changed to fit their narrative?
Brie is wishing she was Captain Marvel in real life so she could use her photon blast on Seann Walsh. #thejrshow
Gotta go see Captain Marvel when I go to Louisiana in a few weeks
my favorite artist is doing a captain marvel line for adidas pic.twitter.com/OBgfO21WQA
wow can u believe captain marvel ended abuse?
Captain Marvel world premiere goes higher, further,faster 
definitely watching captain marvel
I don't think they had a character named "Marvel" until much after they changed their name.. And the first "captain Marvel" actually got legal-loophole-stolen by DC, if I remember correctly, they said Captain Marvel looked too much like superman so Marvel redesigned them...
I see you Disney. Staring Captain Marvel on March 7th when you have it advertised for March 8th.  #CaptainMarvel #AlitaChallengepic.twitter.com/cHB1Bzt6p4
Grobe grobe 3 days na lng showing na captain marvel
CAPTAIN MARVEL is a delight. The semi-origin of the MCUs first real Superman character and the first woman to lead an entry, it feels important. But most importantly, it feels *new*. Its not flawless, but its a miracle that on the series 6th origin story, its still fresh.
captain marvel
It's a hook bro, & we're all supposed to be impressed when she uncle ruckuses her own race then say she wants all black people to do everything around her. Too bad for the little Mexican girls holding up the captain marvel banner. Feminist, housewives of OC, hilary, all the same
Captain Marvel this Friday
CAPTAIN MARVEL IS GREAT BUT IS SHE REALLY ANYTHING WITHOUT JESSICA DREW: A treatise on why we need Spider-Woman in the MCU and why Anne Hathaway should play her.
So... Abed's bff is Lando Calrissian/the Prowler and he dated Captain Marvel. Cool. Cool cool cool. #Community #SixSeasonsandaMoviepic.twitter.com/yyO3ga6vjT
there's been a lot of talk for a while but especially lately about how a ton of action/war movies (captain america, iron man 1 and 2, the bayformers films and a ton more) are all made under direct supervision of the pentagon, Captain marvel is just way more overt about it
Not as good as Captain Marvel.
Who would want white men haters anyway?  Im a white man.  I dont need haters of white men in my life!  I just want to enjoy Captain Marvel in peace!  Im so glad that you, a self identified feminist, agree that haters arent welcome.  #NoHatersAllowed
Was Captain Marvel always a woman???
Tara nood Captain Marvel!!!
I just preordered my ticket for Captain Marvel I'm so excited !!!
Captain Marvel (2019) 
thor: ragnarok was for the bisexuals, love, simon was for the gays, captain marvel is for the lesbians
Captain Marvel is dropping real soon and theres been barely any hype like nobody gives a damn lol dont even think the trailers have done it justice we only watching it cos it ties in with Avengers 4
Seeing some defense of Captain Marvel saying "We should support it because it's about time, it's good enough,"...nevermind the soft sexism of low expectations there, but shouldn't we expect the same quality as the rest of the MCU?
Captain Marvel world premiere goes higher, further,faster 
Yall going to see Captain Marvel?
My name is Julia, Im from Germany. I love and support Captain Marvel.. #CaptainMarvel #Avengers #SeeingCaptainMarvel
@ghweldon Read your Captain Marvel review. Liked it for the most part, but when you poked some fun at the Kree names I wondered if you realized that those names (silly as they may be) were plucked directly from the comics....including Mar-vell. Seriously.
dudebros really think theyre doing something by bashing captain marvel i cant  pic.twitter.com/J4ClfWsPDI
Yo @adidasUS ,those @heyjenbartel captain Marvel's gonna be in men's sizes too or yall hate money like Van's did with their captain marvel shoes?
AHHHH!!! They added another showing for captain marvel and I caught it RIGHT in time!!! So now I get to see it on Thursday
ADVANCE SCREENING: CAPTAIN MARVEL 
So the Captain Marvel needs saving? At least you are honest to yourself. KUDOS.
Breaking video news: Captain Marvel Review: Brie Larson Takes a Trip to the 90s" via NYT @VintageVHS #movies #films
Enter to win a pair of passes to an advance screening of Marvel Studios'   "CAPTAIN MARVEL," Tuesday, March 5 at 7:30pm at AMC Burbank 16! @kearth101 @CaptainMarvel #MarvelStudios #CaptainMarvel #GooseTheCat #BrieLarson #CarolDanvers #HigherFurtherFaster 
8 dias pra captain marvel
Is that double meaning intentional or.... Also this is not how you get more content like Captain Marvel produced. You want more views not less, it doesn't matter what the motive for viewing is, all veiws earn the same amount of cash and are thus equal.
Check out my review of Captain Marvel #CaptainMarvel. 
Im undecided if Im going to see Captain Marvel. But I will say this, I sure as shit wont see any other @brielarson movies. If marvel condemns her racist, sexist attacks I may yet see the movie. If marvel supports hatred and racism then Im definitely skipping it
my captain marvel Q&A live stream froze fuck
V excited for Captain Marvel! . #HigherFurtherFaster. #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/Nxfut1vPvq
After Captain Marvel, then End Game!!!! NEED.
For Captain Marvel? I heard two.
Disney yanking those Captain Marvel leaks expeditiously
dudebros walking out of captain marvel and realizing it was actually good pic.twitter.com/SXwNatiTlE
captain marvel in 9 hours somebody please pinch me
captain marvel cus
Definitely going to see Captain Marvel Friday
all this hype on my timeline for captain marvel, I cant wait to go friday omg
i'm so excited for captain marvel even tho i'll prolly end up having to wait to see it
And yes I know what theyre doing with Captain Marvel & youre insane to associate that movies success with closing the publishing house. Theyd have closed it years ago if a single successful movie could make that kind of impact. Anyway, take care. Time will prove one of us.
F16 fighter jets for Captain Marvel
The way some men are carrying on about Captain Marvel, you'd think the trailers show her dancing on male corpses Ma Kali-style while waving a dude's severed head. Sheesh.
Captain marvel
I dont understand the comments on that post, why are they all ignoring the past 6 years of pissbabies crying when they see a woman breathe? It's happening today with the captain marvel movie, no one has seen it but apparently its "sjw propaganda"
US Air Forces Thunderbirds to roar over San Fernando Valley, Pasadena and Hollywood to promote Captain Marvel movie 
Captain Marvel's IMBD score SMH, just stupid trolls hating on the film without (probably) even seeing it.....
all the men boycotting captain marvel who are convinced it will fail you are weak and i will sap up all your energy until you are husks of your former selves you will rot and die off
We are at the Canadian Blood Services on Grand Marais Tues Mar 12th . 3-5pm @LifelineWindsor . Enter the 'Be a Hero like Captain Marvel' contest. You & 7 of your toughest Avengers will get Premium Seat tix to the show, dinner from Boston Pizza & a day at @badaxethrowingpic.twitter.com/fiUkf9hKtE
if you fools spoil captain marvel for me I Swear
the tomatometer for captain marvel is at 91% @ white men how are yall doing
(Mar-Vell) WHO? Captain Marvel. 
Also, Captain Marvel has never been a man. Captain Marvel has been a male Kree, and a human woman
If she really wants to know what her work means to the world, she might have chosen a script with a deeper meaning. I mean, really, Captain Marvel is a comic book character. Come on!
Lucky to be in korea : im gonna watch Captain marvel tmr night! Whoo hooo
i cant wait to see captain marvel
HALSEY AT THE CAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIERE HOLY FUCK pic.twitter.com/u0ygJAIC2Y
i bought so many daredevil comics today, and captain marvel magazines and a captain marvel funko pop and so many thrifted hoodies,, im poor now
Not sure what you mean here. I was just curious when advance tickets would come about since Captain Marvel has been available since late December (we bought ours the third day of January) and have just been nervous as to when Avengers would come avail.
The biggest complaint Ive seen about Captain Marvel so far is that the actress doesnt have an attractive enough backside.. Really guys?? Grow up.
If what you wish happens, Captain Marvel is gonna bomb hard... little boys and little girls have no money. 
What will members of the he-man woman haters club do with themselves when Captain Marvel comes out and is a raging success? . I'm looking forward to seeing it. I can't imagine anyone who's a fan of the Marvel cinematic universe not looking forward to it. . #CaptainMarvel
ok so I'm done with this rant, I'll end with saying... GO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL IN THEATERS MARCH 8TH (or earlier/ later depending on where you are in the world) 7/7
@Kattavernd 'Captain Marvel' flies into Marvel's elevated expectations 'Captain Marvel' revi  ~r/rss/cnn_latest/~3/71qRgtinoTQ/index.html
Captain Marvel
This is a fair review. Good movie not great. Let's be honest - we're all just waiting for Endgame:. "Captain Marvel"is a messy origin story with some clever twists: EW review  #captainmarvel #MCU
Ooooo it's on! Just got tickets to see Captain Marvel Friday night!
okay i got hate from like 7 people in total for liking brie and captain marvel how can she do this with hundreds of angry dudebros
How Captain Marvels soundtrack stacks up against other MCU films CNET 
A man's world what not. Not a new life. So we won't get the same woman powering as Wonder woman. Honestly, if we did. I feel it wouldn't make sense. Diana had to hide her powers and went into a man's world. Captain Marvel is in space using powers and fighting alongside men.
This is the Air Force recruitment ad that will run before screenings of CAPTAIN MARVEL in the United States. Not a joke. #HERo
Im going to be so happy when captain marvel is out. Im so sick of both sides freaking out about this movie.
ok it's past midnight so i can officially say I'M WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW
Captain marvel was
How Captain Marvel breaks the superhero mold 
im seeing captain marvel for the first time on saturday,, pic.twitter.com/9Hf7YwsqBF
Captain Marvel (My first mainstream comic gig ) finally on theaters! pic.twitter.com/KAyW9cRrV8
I ain't seeing Captain Marvel. I'm saying this as a black woman. Man haters ruin everything. "Little girls need super hero role models" How about real women be role models and stop letting media raise your kids. Stop letting media raise your self esteem.
Captain Marvel movie date??
I saw Captain Marvel, best gillette commercial ever.  #CaptainMarvel #ToxicMasculinity
So then you would be more for Aquaman than captain marvel
i have to laugh at this local greasy dude demeaning brie larson's appearance as captain marvel........ the nerve
basically everyone who hated the last jedi hates captain marvel too so thats easy to sort out
Anyone in Lapeer want to to see Captain Marvel with me his weekend?
Will you free 8 March I want to request you for a movie . I have two movie tickets of Captain Marvel
DUDE WTF IM ALREADY SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL SPOILERS
Ghost Busters was shit.. Star wars episode 7 was amazing.. Wonder Woman was FANTASTIC.. She-ra is stupidly fun and amazingly good and Captain Marvel is a marvelous movie. Nobody thinks like this. 
they got thunderbird air fighter jets flying over my fucking neighborhood for the captain marvel premiere I GOT SCARED
Midnight screening of Captain Marvel booked so those pesky YouTube recommended videos cant spoil the post-credit, mid-credit and Avengers: Endgame connections for me
How is Captain Marvel and modern day Star Wars agenda driven?
I really wanna see captain marvel.. But. She sounds like the least intimidating superhero yet.. Her voice just does not work with her badass lines
and yet you think because of Star Wars Captain marvel will be in the same boat? From the reviews of the press release a week or two ago it seemed very promising.
Actually Ryan, the first captain Marvel was a man, who went by the name Mar-vell then the 2nd Captain Marvel was Monica Rambeau in 1982 and was based on Pam Grier. Carol Danvers was Ms. Marvel and became Captain Marvel in 2012.
Listen going to see Captain Marvel Friday. I know that shit gonna be packed. Never listen to Twitter lol
The only good captain marvel is currently called Shazam.
Wont matter to me Im still going to watch captain marvel. Oscar winner Brie Larson in the role how could it go wrong.  Some people just complain for the sake of it. Female superheros are just as important as male ones. Just need a good story to enjoy
Yall I got opening weekend off (I think) for captain marvel and I give thanks.
The EW cover is not marketing for Captain Marvel any more than an article on io9 or a story on the evening news is. Coverage, buzz, journalism, or w/e, but it's literally not marketing.. You can whine about the *actual* marketing all you want. Go nuts, bro! This cover isn't it.
the military teaming up with Hollywood is pretty common but the Captain Marvel recruitment video is pretty W E I R D
captain marvel in one fucking hour!!! pic.twitter.com/3ZLa2UhteK
Okay, at this point I'm disgusted beyond my ability to express about Captain Marvel. I bought tickets when it first came out to review it, but FUCK ME I'm angry. So I put it to you: what should I do?
Originally Carol Danvers (Captain Marvel) was going to appear at the end of Avengers Age of Ultron with War Machine introduced by Nick Fury in the battle of Sokovia.
Captain Marvel was such a good movie, some never knew it came out. True story.
NOTHING BUT RESPECT FOR MY CAPTAIN!.  Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car  
Here's the FIRST LOOK at our new Captain Marvel-Inspired Crush Cap!  You can expect an Etsy listing for this in the coming week!  (Please note the goggle lenses shown are from our previous custom-made design and will be changed for the final product.) #blondeswanhatspic.twitter.com/GXeTcXsPey
me when the Captain Marvel trailer drops and I see she aint got no ass or titties: 
There is another Skrull invasion! Join me on Thursday, March 7th from 6-9pm at @RedRaccoonGames for another demo of Captain Marvel Secret Skrulls by @USAopoly. Can you save Captain Marvel from the Skrull invasion or are you secretly a Skrull yourself? @DexEnvoypic.twitter.com/eOnm2ZBJC1
Even though I havent seen the film yet, Id like to thank Captain Marvel for reintroducing me to L7! Fuck yeah!
hullo! i'm currently ts-ing as the one who's in charge of being an adorkable hooman in mamamoo. may i get a shout out, please? i'm searching for some new friends ig. especially if you're a supporter of the upcoming captain marvel movie . i only provide memes though. pic.twitter.com/QtMwb0ZI0v
Captain Marvel come out this week? Yeah Ill be there
Ahh not fantastic Four are not allowed. So they will invent a shit like. Captain marvel was by magic around and save the day. A bit launched by magic , great luck moment. Tony saved by... luck and not his brain... I prefer tony to save himself .
Loungefly x CAPTAIN MARVEL Wallet Faux Leather Gold Red Blue Marvel Universe  #Loungefly #Clutch #captainmarvel #marvelcomics #marvel #purses #purse #bags #bag #womens #womensfashion #backpacks #backpack #endgame #avengers  via @eBay
Captain marvel reviews (spoilers) come out today. pic.twitter.com/aUkZBjiAHv
Just saw Alita (take away: really dumb but loads of heart; had fun); before it the Shazam and Captain Marvel trailers run back-to-back.. Who are they? The GF asks.. Its a long story..... Thanks for the Big Picture episodes @the_moviebob
You do understand 40 year old men & wamen grew up on Wonder Woman & one of the many versions of Captain Marvel right!? This is getting way out of control.
In general, I wouldn't mind a Captain Marvel movie if it were better timing. Right now it feels like it's coming out just to introduce her real quick before she saves the day in Endgame. I hope they handle it better than that but it feels like the likely course they're taking.
I dont know if Im more ready for Captain Marvel or the cutscene AFTER captain marvel
Will you y'all stop trying to drag Wonder Woman into the ditch Captain Marvel jump into.
Cant wait to watch captain marvel this weekend
CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW
Im going to find myself a Captain Marvel shirt tomorrow. Because fuck that.
If Alita makes more than captain marvel domestically, Ill donate $100 to your charity of choice. If captain marvel wins, you do the same. Deal?
NOT CAPTAIN MARVEL
HAPPY CAPTAIN MARVEL WEEK pic.twitter.com/WUXAbYmY0z
What is your opinion about Disney arm-twisting all larger theaters in USA to play 'Captain Marvel' this weekend? 
Answer is none frankly. Not on the level you are describing. I hope Captain Marvel changes that!? pic.twitter.com/UQ2S1HAkv1
Ngl really excited to see Captain Marvel
*extremely maddie whittle voice*. "i'm just a girl, standing in front of a boy, telling him i refuse to see captain marvel"
Hi Tim  Disney did not to tell people to shut up about captain marvel the movie but Comcast did tell people shut up about captain marvel the movie because they hate fans.
I have my date booked with @brielarson AKA Captain Marvel AKA Carol Danvers  pic.twitter.com/3um1fP3QmI
'Captain Marvel' LA Premiere Wrap-up  on @bloglovin
captain marvel comes out on friday and i probably wont be able to see it until sometime next week so ive just decided not to exist on the mortal plane until then
I can't wait for Captain Marvel to make 100 plus million in its opening weekend because the river of salty tears from crybaby men everywhere gives me life like a twisted version of Elizabeth Bathory. . ...well, maybe not as twisted as she was but you understand.
6 Questions We Still Have About Captain Marvel 
Hopefully they take ACTUAL criticism for the film though and really step up for Captain Marvel 2 when that happens. I also trust the Russos to flesh her out more
am i supposed to support captain marvel bc the name is so damn corny that Im judging a book by its cover
Captain marvel is in like...7 days ugh I cant fucking wait who got the bootleg
Why would i be mad? That little girl seems to be having a good time.. Just like ill be having a good time saving my money and not going to see Captain Marvel.. Everyone has different tastes no need to shame them for it
CAPTAIN MARVEL FUCK
With "Captain Marvel" coming out this Friday, feminists are patrolling cyberspace to make sure that everyone pretends to like it. Also, government mandated paid family leave is getting bipartisan support. I think its a terrible idea. // @MattWalshBlog. 
Since when captain marvel is the new emma goldman???
did you see that pic of brie larson meeting that girl in the captain marvel costume. too emotional yo
5 dias pra captain marvel pic.twitter.com/Zj1OzSGZOC
TV Spot for Captain Marvel featuring our track "Smite" from the album BOMBASTICON (Hybrid Percussion).. 
im totally seeing captain marvel tomorrow after work, im so excited
Movies to watch this year  :.  : How to train your dragon 3.  : Alita.  : Captain Marvel.  : Avengers : End Game.  : Spider-Man : Far from home.  1 down 4 to go
Is Captain Marvel getting any Wednesday/Thursday previews?
wanna give review to captain marvel but my brain can't express it to words well enough
Lets see what Captain Marvel is all about
i'm so stoked for the fact that by the end of this week, not only will it just be Wonder Woman, the only female superhero with her own movie, but Captain Marvel too. i'm so gonna be crying in that theater. i need to buy a ticket.
Oh man I hope it plays before Captain Marvel! I just love how close the two are together.
I tired to buy tickets on fandango for the weekend and all it shows is captain Marvel....what gives?
People talking about the politics of Black Panther was vastly more tiresome than anything in the movie itself.. The same will almost certainly be true with Captain Marvel.
'Captain Marvel' flies into Marvel's elevated expectations ~r/rss/cnn_showbiz/~3/71qRgtinoTQ/index.html?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter_dangotest
Also, Gal is a great and charismatic Wonder Woman. Brie seems pretty milquetoast in the Captain Marvel trailers.  But Ill reserve final critique for if/when I see it.
I still can't figure out why so many people dislike Captain Marvel. In my opinion, she is COOL!
From Captain Marvel . To. Captain Sparkle Finger! . We Stan Diversity! pic.twitter.com/9LWC2YJjWw
I voted for #TeamCaptainMarvel on @TyltEntCaptain Marvel is more powerful than Superman 
Look at all these social climbers saying Captain Marvel is the female Captain America
we having a early employee screening for captain marvel.. im presseddddd
Me looking at my cat after seeing Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/rRtEYNqD2w
tomorrow nights ticket for captain marvel: secured
no one:. me: im just a hole for captain marvel
One more hour and a half then I have one more 10hr shift. Then Captain Marvel then Meowolf in NM. OMG. Hurry up.
the only people giving captain marvel bad reviews are white men. dear white men fuck u
Brie Larson said fck these white men feelings and white men are furious...let me go buy more tickets for Captain Marvel. pic.twitter.com/YTwq8boxyY
We have just purchased premium e-codes for a screenx viewing of Captain Marvel after being advised to do so when we called customer services. These were 12.65 each. However when we have gone online to book the seats it is adding a surcharge of 3.50 for each ticket.
U.S. box office has lowest February sales in 17 years, but here comes 'Captain Marvel'. A weak slate of February movies exacerbated an already floundering box office and led to a 38 percent decline in ticket sales in the month compared with last year,... 
Captain Marvel exclusive: Brie Larson hopes new film will inspire more women to becomepilots 
@DisneyIndia @utvfilms @Marvel_India  Please release Tamil version of Captain Marvel in Bengaluru
We think we can resolve this for you, Internet. What say you?. WILL YOU BE CATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL OPENING WEEK?. #CaptainMarvel
Might have to go check that new Captain Marvel movie in theaters.. Lol do I really wanna go dolo though? I mean, Ill do it, but still
Guys hated the idea of @GalGadot playing Wonder Woman. Saying she wasnt built for the role . That the movie was gonna suck. Till she proved them all wrong . Same will happen with Captain Marvel
The irony is superhero movies with women leads don't close doors for men: they open them.. We wouldn't HAVE Aquaman if Wonder Woman hadn't been made. The only people against Captain Marvel hate women more than they like superheroes. 
Your 5 biggest Captain Marvel concernsaddressed 
I very much appreciate all of my friends telling me what they thought about Captain Marvel as if I made the movie. Thank u all I'm v proud of my work
So are we watching Captain Marvel on Friday or?
Water Cooler: Captain Marvel, Furie, Iron Man 2, The Day of the Dolphin, Pet Sematary, Die, Dune, My Dinner with Andre, Magic is Dead & More 
We stan the original captain Marvel 
I loved Wonder Woman and I will be seeing Captain Marvel. Critics dont dictate what films I want to see
Rotten Tomatoes silences trolls in wake of 'Captain Marvel' controversy 
i love my captain marvel
tomorrow is CAPTAIN MARVEL DAY
CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW!!!!!!!!!!
not to sound like a dudebro or anything but every time captain marvel promo says there's a new captain now, i loose 3 years of my life thinking what's going to happen to steve in endgame
God it's so fucking stupid the drama surrounding captain marvel . Imagine thinking you're having a positive effect on society by dumping your money into a billion dollar hole so you can watch another mediocre, shallow super hero movie but this time about a white woman
1 week to Captain Marvel. Who's hitting the cinemas with me? In PH tho . #didistake
They actually removed the rating for  "Are you looking forward to seeing Captain Marvel?" (paraphrasing here...)
I can't watch the Captain Marvel. Unfortunately. I thought about it, but I can't. Don't want to have anything common with racist Bri.
hi serious question,,,, when is it LEGAL to tweet stuff that happened in captain marvel  lmaoooo
Captain Marvel and a female actor, what did you expect?!
So it looks like Captain Marvel will pay tribute to Stan Lee at the beginning of the movie
2 days until I see captain marvel... I need a minute.
Be the first to see the movies! There's always advanced screenings of new features on Thursdays! This week's sneak preview on Thursday, 3/7, will be:. CAPTAIN MARVEL (PG-13). 7pm, 8pm, 9pm, 10pm pic.twitter.com/O0qp42L6PZ
Captain Marvel
I really hope the Captain Marvel movie performs well at the box office
Hi how are you @brielarson?! What's something you think everyone can enjoy about Captain Marvel?
High fiving the worst Captain Marvel to date. Carol Danvers is the least popular and most fascistic Captain Marvel to ever be created.
So by that rationale only women can review movies? I get it, more men do it than woman and that's evil. What in the bloody hell are you on about? I was commenting on the insane opinions out there about Captain Marvel.
The pony is no other films have showtimes but Captain Marvel. Which will change come Tuesday.
if i put my captain marvel funko keychain on my bag is it going to break/fall off/get stolen
captain marvel was a SERVE
Got me and my babies tickets for captain marvel this weekend....and we have shirts
Captain Marvel this Thursday!! And would you look at that, meeting scheduled....KMA
Yes, we do have factual information, whatever that is, about it. Shes basically saying only misogynist disliked captain marvel because shes a wahmen, even though thats false. Therefore, you not liking wonder woman, by her own logic, makes you a misogynist.
Nay, mending captain marvel forever
I'm assuming we're talking solely about the MCU timeline, and not the comics?. If so, then Captain Marvel DEFINITELY came before The Avengers.
This weekend Captain Marvel arrives on the big screen. We're so ready to see her, but even more excited that she kicks off all the awesome stuff Disney has arriving this year!. Which of these are you most ready for? 
I GOT MY TICKETS FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL
Imagine thinking theres real hate for captain marvel and its gonna flop....even though the ticket sales are amazing
@ManOfSteel37013 @GeekVibesNation I hope there is a Captain Marvel joke that would be bold, great, & funny.
@GeeksGamersCom Reading up on Captain Marvel and found out that this was the original Captain Marvel who is now reduced to a child in the new film, so has Marvel/Disney not in fact taken step back with casting Larson pic.twitter.com/vfK0Y6uT5r
@GeeksGamersCom Captain Marvel ticket selling strategy in India  pic.twitter.com/sF6gDJWnr7
advanced screening of captain marvel on thursday? LOVE that for me
So, as you have "Alita", you've also seen "Captain Marvel," as of your tweet?. If you have...fair enough.. If you haven't seen Captain Marvel, then how can you even make such a comparison without coming off as some bitter hater who's just bashing a film based on a notion?
Interesting take from James Woods, star of VIDEODROME & THE SPECIALIST, who undoubtedly HASN'T FUCKING SEEN CAPTAIN MARVEL 
I just checked my local's too and your right. For the whole weekend nothing but captain marvel, that kinda sucks :3
By the way I remember when Captain Marvel was a white dude around 40 yrs old. Maybe Brie is upset about that ?? pic.twitter.com/ZrAKeZqFOl
hello it was good being back for a while im going to log out again ill come back uh probably during tour and Captain marvel xx
Praising a bigoted, all-around-asshole actor because he trashed Captain Marvel. You stay classy, twitter pic.twitter.com/0H2RwnpEUZ
I grew up with Marvel Comics but never read the Captain Marvel stories, actually it was the male Mar-vell at the time. Im looking forward to the movie, I just want good sci-fi and action.
Ill give it a go! Yea I am super stoked for captain marvel as well
Who`s down to watch captain marvel with me? just slide through my dm haahahahaha
Captain Marvel, Us, and Dumbo at the moment. But I might add more movies to my list as I haven't heard of most of the other movies listed there.
i was s wrong about captain marvel.... sorry . 
just decided im not gonna watch captain marvel till next week when im back home that being said ill square up with anyone who spoils thanks for your cooperation
Its going to take every ounce of self control I have not to go see Captain Marvel on Thursday and wait till Friday
I'm really not that ecstatic for Captain Marvel, never was big into the character as it is, one I might see once on video. As for those other two, again man an instance where just doesn't strike much of a nerve.
I cant wait to see Captain Marvel.. Bri Larsen is a babe
I was going to wait until Sunday to go see Captain Marvel but I was scared I'd get spoiled so decided to go Friday instead. And I bought my ticket to make sure I didn't do that weird exhausted/depressed/anxious thing I do and not go. Yay!
for the cast: do you remember how was your first day on set of captain marvel? #captainmarvel
Shazaam Marvel is DC comics.. Captain Marvel is Marvel comics.
I really did like the blue and gold carpet for the Captain Marvel gala screening.   #londonphotography #galascreening #gala #captainmarvel #marvel #mcu #marvellegends #disney #premiere 
So much going on right now. So busy.... I just want to watch Captain Marvel.
The only thing I care about Captain Marvel is that they give Ronan the Accuser his respect. You're talking about a powerhouse who fought Hulk, Silver Surfer, Nova, Thor, Fantastic Four, Thanos and even Galactus. #captainmarvel #MCU #ronantheaccsuer #leepacepic.twitter.com/FwOCBTXLMM
I SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW
Not like you really could do that anymore.  All the theaters in my city have assigned seating now to combat this behavior. I'm still going to see Captain Marvel out of a obligation to the Avengers.  Then after Endgame I may just check out of the SJWCU.
Because as we all know Brie Larson was the one to direct Captain Marvel.
Had been really taken aback by some of the military propaganda being retweeted, just because it has a photo of Captain Marvel attached, and turns out that the film is kinda "sponsored" by the military, like Pitch Perfect 3 lmao pic.twitter.com/KFNWgI8hH6
I just looked at your feed, wow you really like Captain Marvel....  You have an obsession and you might wanna get that checked pic.twitter.com/N0Sy5EYJ2P
Why am I not at the Captain Marvel premiere
Billy Batson is cool, but to me, Carol Danvers is Captain Marvel!  pic.twitter.com/6UTSux4tAR
ive seen so many captain marvel posters and promo since entering disney properties good job disney love u
ugh I cant believe im getting sick the week of captain marvel AND sc comic con
The second Captain Marvel credits scene just leaked and you can watch it right here
UM HOLY SHIT CAPTAIN MARVEL LOOKS SO GOOD & WE GET TO WATCH IT IN 5 DAYS EYE- 
3 days until Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel 12A hits our  & times: 
What do Captain Marvels have against people in buses?. #Shazam #CaptainMarvel
T-minus one hour until we start that party! Whether you come for book club, with family and/or friends, in your favorite Captain Marvel merch, or in cosplay, we're excited to see you there! Captain Marvel Release... 
CAPTAIN MARVEL: Every story has a beginning. Captain Marvel delivers one of the best origin stories, and best heroes we will ever see at the movies! 
All righty then. Not that I was going to go see Captain Marvel, but I will not now! Quit victimizing every woman. WE ARE STRONG, NOT VICTIMS!!
@brielarson Hello, Captain Marvel! Im so excited to see your film this weekend! Im a huge fan of @Marvel and of you!
just watched the entirety of the captain marvel post credit scene pic.twitter.com/brscQAguez
I think I'll give Captain Marvel a miss. I wouldn't want to offend this actress with my male whiteness!. 
Captain marvel this week as well forgot lol
Captain Marvel Thursday with the crew
Captain Marvel this week.
this looks 10000x better than captain marvel 
HaHaHa!  Captain Marvel the Fandom Menace Raised money for Hungary Kids  While you tried to raise money to sell tickets HaHa! 
@Kevfeige @MarvelStudios I'm watching Captain Marvel just because I don't wanna miss something out when I watch A4. I ain't need another captain though.
If Captain Marvel rocks, it rocks.. If Captain Marvel stinks, it stinks.. Watch it for yourselves, sheep.
Captain marvel review! Audio also up on the podcast! Geek Culture Congress 
That countdown to Captain Marvel though... Really cant wait  pic.twitter.com/MeN3XMkCLy
His review of Captain Marvel: it's all women . *breaks out knife again*.
got my tickets for captain marvel pic.twitter.com/Orrx0zrYKB
I didn't think that when I saw Wonder Woman. And I don't think that when I see Black Widow, Scarlet Witch, and other women in MCU movies. So tell me then, why is it just Captain Marvel?
Not into marvel culture - there are some I'm into like Deadpool and guradians of of the Galaxy and Spiderman. I'm more into DC but barely. My husband enjoys that type of stories but hasn't mentioned anything interest in watching captain marvel
Her and Levi both playing Captain Marvel. Would have been amazing.
Yes you're just re-framing and re-stating my point over and over. That's just what I said.. Captain Marvel's SOURCE MATERIAL is C-list. And that's okay because it probably won't matter or factor into the box office totals. You're right.
After Captain Marvel Discourse has entered my timeline for the umpteenth time and I've relived everything relating to it for the 1685285th time in the past five years I just feel So Tired.
A story about the woman who scored Captain Marvel. . 
How am I being serious, you're jumping to conclusions, and stop using hastags, I just linked Zachary Levi talking about no one's the real Captain Marvel, yeah everyone knows Shazam was first originally named Captain Marvel but no need to make this captain Marvel sound inferior
As much as I love Marvel and the Avengers but this promo around Captain Marvel sounds so pandering and insincere. Same with the Wonder Woman promo. Maybe it's just because the feminist angle is being pushed so hard that it feel...inorganic. Am I the only one that feel this way??
I'm a die hard captain America fan but captain marvel looks awesome
Captain marvel
captain marvel is a worse form of military propaganda than captain america because its military propaganda with get this.....Feminism
THE CHAIN EN EL SOUNDTRACK DE CAPTAIN MARVEL ESTOY GRITANDO
Was excited for captain marvel in endgame so im back to being excited for antman and hulk
Cant believe I get to see Captain Marvel save the world on Thursday
I hope Captain Marvel makes a ton of money.
Who wanna go see captain marvel with me?
learn the damn language of your own shitty country before you start arguing semantics. before the avengers as in more than one. cap became an avenger in 2012. captain marvels story happens in the 90s. cant stand fake geek boys. 
y'all fakes gotta stop lying to yourselves i KNOW you're excited for captain marvel and i will kill you if you aren't
I read somewhere that they had to rewrite Captain Marvels punchlines because of the outrage. Lol
Someone go see captain marvel with me
We get to see Captain Marvel next week. What a time to be alive.
Remember when the actress said Captain Marvel could totally list Thors hammer?
AMAZING LADIES, LOOOVE @LashanaLynch @brielarson @gemma_chan  so much power and gorgeousness in one photo  Im watching Captain Marvel in a few hours, cant wait to see these three kick ass  pic.twitter.com/fTPvv94XE4
The issue seems to be comments that Brie Larson has made about press lines and audiences that she wanted more diverse faces in them, and the trolls read that as Captain Marvel hates white men. Idiots.
I'm seeing it Friday, I'm pretty pumped for it since I never read a Captain Marvel comic. So it'll be interesting
Captain Marvel was just about Captain Marvel and Brie Larson turned it into this shit show.. I think the movie will be good but all this preachy SJW BS just made me lose all interest.
captain marvel is just united states military propaganda repackaged into white feminism, sorry guys :/
Selain Nicholas Joseph yang cool, Goose dan mid credit scene, Captain Marvel was just an okay movie. The excitement wasnt the same as any other MCU movies.
I still have these sketch covers available:. * Dr. Fate vs Cthulhu. * Jean Grey and Cyclops vs Mr. Sinister. * Spider-Man vs Venom. * Captain Marvel vs Rogue. .. $40 each plus free shipping in 
I got my ticket for Captain Marvel Thursday night and Im so pumped pic.twitter.com/MalnPpck1O
Kathleen Kennedy Buys Out Every Showing Of Captain Marvel At Local Theater For Young Girls Who Promise To Watch Episode IX
Captain sparklefingers I thought his name is captain marvel or something
Uhhh wheres Toris HOF package are you really trying to distract me with a Captain Marvel package instead? #RAWpic.twitter.com/9Xs18Dvsvk
Captain Marvel is the most powerful character in the MCU, Marvel says 
my presentation happens on the day when 'Captain Marvel' comes out :)))))
Don't miss our special screening of "Captain Marvel" this Thursday at 7:15pm! Purchase tickets in advance and plan to bring the little ones to start Spring Break with some (lights, camera) action!. 
Captain Marvel in March. Shazam & Avengers in April. Spiderman in July
Marvel Studios' Captain Marvel is hitting theaters on 3/8, so let's speed towards the premiere with some in-game sales and events!  From 3/6-3/12 an all uniform sale, 3/6-3/13 a #CaptainMarvel Special Event Quest, and 3/8-3/12 a special Platinum Gift Box Event! #MARVELFutureFightpic.twitter.com/M23VO6J8fp
I dont think calling people manbabies will get people to listen to your points. Also many fans have brought up legitimate criticisms about Rey and captain marvel which dont have to do with them being female. Cant we try To understand each sides point of view?
Captain marvel!
Extremely. Alita was great and Im looking forward to seeing Captain Marvel too tomorrow night. . More movies with awesome female leads pls
No captain marvel maybe endgame? Getting burned out on marvel movies
Like, the gross incel Captain Marvel backlash is bad enough, but the rabid Leaving Neverland denial seems to be amplifying the general aura of nastiness.
so many meh reviews for Captain Marvel, yet they all have fresh ratings on Rotten Tomatoes... how does that aggregate work? lol. . I mean really.. I read a bunch of reviews this morning all saying the movie is ok to boring.. yet all scored as fresh.. seems misleading haha
unfollow spree, watch captain marvel this friday to keep the mutual!
waaaaAaaaHhhHhhhh lapit na showing captain marvel
Maybe, just maybe, the struggles of women =/= the struggles of the black community and pitting Black Panther against Captain Marvel as beacons of representation is an insipid argument to make.
See Captain Marvel for the NPC powah!
The good?. It looks great.. A lot of MCU flicks have this cheap tv quality to them that I find super disappointing, but CAPTAIN MARVEL looks like a proper film. Great use of lighting and colour grading, IMHO. Thank God.. And all the 90s stuff is pretty funny, I guess.
Email from my local theater: "Six things you probably didn't know about Captain Marvel!". me: wanna bet?
Sorta tie-in for this weeks @PinballFX tourney. Playing Marvel A-Force, which clearly has Captain Marvel image on the playfield. Classic play, no upgrades, 5 attempts. Search 'shutyertrap' to join in
Superman himself was created by 2 Jews worried about rising Nazism. If @brielarson uses Captain Marvel to give voice to feminist priorities & values she's merely following in the footsteps of the original superhero & lifting the genre to its utmost inspirational potential.
I just want to see it before it gets ruined by all these asshats on social media. I'm already going in with a semi-bad attitude, despite the fact that I like both Brie Larson, AND the Captain Marvel character. If it's very SJW, I won't care for it, but I'm giving it a chance.
day 242 ||. i love you @ChrisEvans and @// sebastian stan thank you for being one of the reasons why i still have a smile on my face until this day. PLEASE NOTICE ME ALREADY :( IM FREAKING EXCITED FOR ENDGAME. CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS AMAZING
51 days until avengers 4. Captain Marvel TODAY!!. 121 days until Spider-Man far from home. #Avengers4 #AvengersEndgame #CaptainMarvel #SpiderManFarFromHome #Marvel #MCU #Countdownpic.twitter.com/gmgoul09n4
Saw Captain Marvel last night at the premiere. So much fun! Looking forward to seeing it again! #CaptainMarvel #HigherFurtherFasterpic.twitter.com/rOIt4oZWxq
Bruh we skipped 3 when we watched  episode 4 first lmao idc about captain marvel im just there for the end credits scene
Also you think after Patty Jenkins said how excited for Captain Marvel she was they would have chilled out but nope captain marvel is white feminism
Brie Larson Wears Custom Rodarte for Captain Marvels World Premiere #fashion #mediatrend24pic.twitter.com/ZpB7MwSXSk
Captain marvel come out this week right let me cop that ticket
Im not leaving my bed this weekend at all unless its to watch Captain Marvel
CAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIERE. 
cnnot wait for captain marvel i got chillls
If Ive been quieter here about Captain Marvel than youd expect me to be its because I have pitches out to an excellent outlet and I dont want someone to scoop my angles. But I have loads to say and will be able to soon.
When it ends up on Netflix by the end of the year, just like Captain Marvel.. Except Ill watch Alita.
NEWSWEEK - Captain Marvel reviews article.. #captainmarvel #superhero #marvel #movies #moviereviews #reviews #boxoffice 
CAPTAIN MARVEL is fine, can't escape from the Marvel Movie Formula despite its weirdness. My review:. 
What the hell did Captain Marvel do in Civil War 2 to become so universally hated? I genuinely want to know.
watching Captain Marvel tomorrow o:
Go see Captain Marvel March 8th, Avengers Endgame April 26th, and Spider-Man: Far From Home July 5th
Buzzing for captain marvel next week and Im getting paid to watch it. #lovemyjob
Maybe next time they can give Brie Larson a character to play. And maybe theyll even call her Captain Marvel too.
its 7pm and they still havent announced the winner to the captain marvel contest im so stressed
hi dont put captain marvel spoilers on twitter dot com without any warnings when you fully know 99.9% of people havent seen it yet thanks
Join us for an exclusive screening w/ Q&A with one of CAPTAIN MARVELs breakout stars LASHANA LYNCH on Saturday 16th March at 7.30pm - limited advanced tickets right here: 
I checked.  Theater on the 9th through the 15th only showing captain Marvel l.  I still find it strange.  On Thursday the 8th all Showtime are included.
Captain Marvel Twin seats ticket to let go. viewing at SCM at 11a.m bought for 37 and selling at 30.. salah beli ticket, ada kelas at 11am. pic.twitter.com/PM1tHJYooq
I cannot wait to see Captain Marvel!!! The trailers all look so good. Im actually pretty psyched for Shazam! As well. 
Join our #MarvelousWomen Facebook trivia contest for a chance to win two (2) tickets to the special screening of Captain Marvel on March 6!  For the complete contest rules, please visit our Facebook page: 
Sooooo Criticism is just hate now..... . Jumps in time machine..... Just got back from 2020 and both Dark Phoenix and Captain Marvel are up for best picture.... 
'Captain Marvel' star Brie Larson pushes for off-screen inclusion - 
CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW HELL YES
WHAAAAT?!!?!?!????? . IM READY FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL!! pic.twitter.com/QrogkE22LT
Captain Marvel  Queen of my Heart #GuessTheMovie
The REAL Captain Marvel
@realsnyderos @Stemot1978 @amazonheroicon will the Real Captain Marvel Please stand up!! pic.twitter.com/bnm5RHLCGV
It's captain marvel... pay full price
Anyways it Doesn't matter #Shazam is the Real Captain Marvel and am sure it will be an Awesome movie
Selfi with Captain marvels pic.twitter.com/U8s6DjdFxO
reviews saying captain marvel is boring and dull reassures me because 80% of marvel movies are like that
k gud nyt i forgot i still have school tomorrow lol but ill be seeing captain marvel tomorrow so sall good
Taking my daughter to see Captain Marvel Friday, aka, when the critical roll kick starter hits $10 million.(he said, only half joking)
i cant wait for captain marvel
Whats with all the misogynistic people hating on Captain Marvel? Couldnt be me. pic.twitter.com/59AT7LBM66
On a side not, Captain Marvel is AWESOME.
Ok man but these are showtimes not preorders they are supposed to show what's showing at theaters man not preorders I typed Captain marvel showtimes Memphis TN and how to train your dragon showtimes Memphis TN into Google not "preorders"
Like you give a shit? If captain marvel was black you would be calling her the n word
unlike Captain Marvel Alita actually pushes diversity instead of just talking about it. directed by(Robert Rodriguez), and its 2 leads(Rosa Salazar/Keean Johnson) are all Hispanic
Hello, #FilmTwitter, Captain Marvel comes out this weekend, and we all are lucky to live in an era when two female led blockbusters are playing on theatres at the same time. Watch #CaptainMarvel, watch #AlitaBattleAngel. Support the girls!pic.twitter.com/rHRlV69xv4
Ummm a white dude gave her the Captain Marvel role and told her what works. . Kevin Feige.. I wonder why she didn't decline the role and offer it to a woman of color?
You say this as if you actually care about Monica and you wouldn't just call it "SJW garbage" if they had a film lead by a black woman...... also the first character to have the official Captain Marvel title in the comics was actually a man (Mar-vell)
heres the thing about CAPTAIN MARVEL: i love when ben mendelsohn is in movies
Gonna do my Captain Marvel nails today!
other things that fascinate me about all of captain marvel is mostly on the comics side, where she started as an explicitly feminist character push but marvel's biggest promo for her was an event where they decided "oh she's a huge cop and she sucks ass"
From the looks of the Captain Marvel trailer it is probably him but who knows?
captain marvel premiere is today which is cool and all except they failed to warn everyone on hollywood blvd they wERE USING FIGHTER JETS TO SWOOP DOWN TO CELEBRATE
 | More pictures of Elizabeth with the cast of Agents of SHIELD at the Captain Marvel premiere in Hollywood, California yesterday [03/04/2019] pic.twitter.com/PMsh4NP8Hg
Captain marvel
From the beauty of handlooms to Captain Marvel reshaping the MCU - your weekend fix - 
Logics the only one that can see Captain marvel
My dad told my mom he promised to take me to see Captain Marvel . And then he said. Its like a lesbian superhero movie
The 144th Fighter Wing did a flyover at California Adventure over the weekend. And it was to celebrate the Captain Marvel film. 
General rule of thumb is the first third is fair game, depending on what happens. Captain Marvel is 124 minutes long.
Some of that was funny. Some of that gave it away.  Some of that also contradicted itself (like, was he watching Star Wars or Captain Marvel).. 3/5: Needs more tweaking. But a pretty funny idea altogether.
a real shame that all the negative reviews about captain marvel were written by sexist white men
Captain Marvel will contain emotional tribute to the late Stan Lee     - CNET
Captain marvel? Hmmm
What the hell are you even talking about? You havent seen the movie. This crusade against Captain Marvel makes you look like a gigantic weirdo.
Isnt she Captain Marvel?
Nobody:. Me, seeing anything anti-captain marvel: pic.twitter.com/6Iai68amze
Rise and shine my boysss its captain marvels day
Captain Marvel next Friday
Final thought on white knighting: if I look at your timeline, and you are bitching about Captain Marvel and Brie Larson hating on white guys, I know you aren't worried about "real empathy". . Because that concept is bullshit and your own insecurities based off of nothing.
I won't be able to see Captain Marvel for a week after release.
Interesting Twitter is calling Captain Marvel reviews "mixed" when it's got one of the best scores of any MCU movie so far. pic.twitter.com/Gl9ENDeuvG
Right? Captain Marvel just joins the army of a race of aliens known for galactic conquest and genetic experiments that are responsible for starting the deadly Kree Skrull war in the first place, over losing a zero stakes creativity competition.. They should be all over that.
My theater is playing Captain Marvel 32 times altogether Thursday Night (March 7th) in Digital, Dolby, IMAX & RealD3D. Wow. Its basically sold out & the new showings they added are a bit spotty but will fill Im sure. pic.twitter.com/YtgO3Kf4jy
Agreed, if you haven't seen it yet, go watch it. Preferably on the opening day of Captain Marvel.  
The Captain Marvel score should be release on March 8th. . There probably is a tracklist available somewhere but I havent looked that up.
@Netflix_CA random question will captain marvel available? Or is it like like Netflix US not available, only on Disney+?
wanda . natasha . gamora. sin ver captain marvel
are we really going to do this Captain Marvel argument. Really. Must we
Jude Law & Gemma Chan Tease a Captain Marvel Deleted Scene with the Kree Supreme Intelligence - 
A week from now Ill be watching Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/UO6WUZyj2f
Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car  
Your original tweet led @RealJamesWoods to turn more than 2million followers away from Captain Marvel this weekend. In doing so, you are responsible for this movie losing millions of dollars, and failing to prove that women can lead a superhero movie. 
Trending several times before it's even opened. People who DON'T like it see it more. It's not comparable to Captain Marvel a movie that like the rest of the MCU has been in the social consciousness months and years before it's released.
this is pretty much my life from now onI'm not even hyped up for Captain Marvel anymore #Liverpoolpic.twitter.com/25xH4Lh0Rz
Check out PREORDINE  Captain Marvel Action Figure 1/12 Captain Marvel  via @eBay
She'll watch Captain Marvel and start swinging around the remote, calling it her "Misogyny Basher".
@gabby9568 when you going to see Captain Marvel???
I knew the moment that Captain Marvel was cast as a woman that I did not and will not see the movie.  Brie Larson has only served to cement my decision.  She is a nightmare of political correctness and idiotic commentary!  Please save us all and recast the role as male.
Wow, like totally girl power and stuff. What an inspiration to all the wamen, seriously. #RespectWamen. Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car 
Brie Larson had to learn how to make a 'cool face' as Captain Marvel 
Exactly. Thats why I would much rather see Alita: Battle Angel instead of Captain Marvel. The lead actress of Alita isnt shaming her audience but is rather encouraging EVERYONE of different backgrounds to go see it. Thats how you promote a movie.
@footlockercad Hi! Are we going to get the limited edition Captain Marvel Adidas shoes in Canada?. 
Sounds like Captain Marvel is DOA, guys.
exactly 2 weeks until i see tom hiddleston and 1 week until captain marvel buzzing
Wow. I really want the Captain Marvel movie artbook.
Captain Marvel reviews: Good, not great.
I Don't Think Captain Marvel Will Be As Epic As Predicted... Hopefully I'm Wrong... This Might Be The 1st Mistake They Make In A Long Time
Something tells me Comic book movie Twitter is going to talk about captain marvel for years to come like they did with BvS
i cant wait to see captain marvel she is the only white woman with rights
captain marvel... URGH her MIND shes so POWERFUL
"How Brie Larsons Captain Marvel Made Angry White Men Lose Their Damn Minds"  Actor @brielarson will speak at our 10th anniversary #WITW summit in April, don't miss it.
Has captain marvel always been a female because I been confused for the longest 
Captain marvel is the worst marvel movie ever !
Alita is damn near dead in North America. It will scrape past 90mil of it's lucky. A number that Captain Marvel will blow past opening weekend. It would be awesome if Alita were competition for Captain Marvel because then it would be doing well but it flat out is not.
captain marvel to the dying avengers in endgame: 
I'm working on a piece about Carol and Maria's friendship in Captain Marvel and I need to go back and look at Steve and Bucky's friendship. Trying to decide if I can just watch CA and CA: Winter's War?
Currently #reading Captain Marvel #5 #CaptainMarvel #Marvel #Comics #DoYouEvenComicBook #YesYouDopic.twitter.com/Pfl4ZE7EDr
I think they are boycotting captain marvel not Disney. So by seeing alita they are boycotting captain marvel. No wrong in that.
captain marvel or loki!!!
@tia_elkhayri come see captain marvel pic.twitter.com/dIA20SLYRz
@brielarson good morning my queen i cant wait to see captain marvel tomorrow unless i die of anticipation first
The other reason i don't care for Captain Marvel is they remind me too much of Superman who i also find boring as a hero
CAPTAIN MARVEL star Annette Bening faced questioning over her real role in the upcoming movie when she appeared on Good Morning America.... 
Captain Marvel is gonna be shit. . Purely because its Marvel, and theyre churning films out like Kelloggs cereals. . End game is gonna be no better.
Captain Marvel.
too excited for Captain Marvel this Thursday
i'm mostly hyped for captain marvel because it's literally the last marvel movie before ENDGAME and it's gonna explain and set us up perfectly for ENDGAME .
Cant wait for captain marvel!
Captain Marvel LOURD
Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car by @latimesent
watch captain marvel (2019) in theaters march 8th pic.twitter.com/Nuw0wm9Qos
me walking into the cinema to watch captain marvel pic.twitter.com/4Puh62ftn6
Is THIS what people are hating on Captain Marvel over?. Hmmm. Seems like they're looking for any reason to be outraged over a female superhero without outright saying her gender is the reason they hate her
Captain Marvel review  Brie Larson kicks ass across the universe 
What's wrong with a little girl dressed as Captain Marvel. 
The ORIGINAL Captain Marvel :)
i just saw a captain marvel/endgame spoiler and i'm SHAKING. I'M SO SCARED. but i can't tell anyone :(((
@Da7e Should I watch Captain Marvel in IMAX? I dont live near an IMAX theater but will be passing through a town this weekend that does.
I knew Captain Marvel reminded me of something. pic.twitter.com/YGV2iJZ1tP
Captain Marvel, avengers end game , Aladdin, dumbo , the lion king , Spider-Man , toy story 4, maleficent ... and some more shit ... DISNEY ABOUT TO MAKE SOME MONEY MONEY ! 
Im eager to watch Captain Marvel just so I can listen to @pinartopraks music. Im sure this article is well deserved. Pinar did an awesome job with Fortnite, and gave the game a whole new dimension. 
Its nothing personal...But i don't Like Alita or Captain Marvel. I wanna Watch HTTYD 3
Do I see Captain Marvel opening night, or during the next day. Decisions...
God yes..should have been Captain Marvel.
I honestly couldn't care less about her, I just like Captain Marvel in general
@GraceRandolph.  Just saw captain marvel, I liked it quit a bit, but is it me or in the end credit scene she has a new suit, I watch it again at home on YouTube (leaked) and it seams that she has a metal one heres the link if you want to see it again 
Said not the most bad ass female leads ever... because bad ass female leads didn't exist before Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel is breaking the glass ceiling!!!!1111
showing na captain marvel
Here's why there are actually two Captain Marvels on screen this year:. 
Captain Marvel is out tomorrow ommooooooooo
I really think Black Widow shouldve been the first solo woman film in the MCU not Captain Marvel (I might just be desperate for a Black Widow film) pic.twitter.com/JrrPHIsC0G
This Kris Jenner Captain Marvel Mash-Up Ad Is One Of The Weirdest Things We've Seen: Who knew Kris Jenner was part of the MCU? 
Aw cmon lol I like the Captain Marvel character and shes vital to the overall story arch. I just dont feel excited for this like I do for most other MCU properties
Captain Marvel is a meditation on intersectional feminism and female strength:. 
A7 I want a Captain Marvel t-shirt. #WDWEventChat #CaptainMarvel
Captain Marvel refers to multiple characters, some of which are female..
i dont like the fact that i have to go mia this thursday so i dont see any captain marvel spoilers before friday night :(((
You brought your profesional status, if that's not being condescending.... And when I mentioned you was to shiw how unnecessary it was too brought up another movie to make that first review, the only thing I got from it was that captain marvel is fun and you didn't like MOS
6 Questions I Want Answered by Captain Marvel 
Ugh can it just be the 8th already? I've got these Captain Marvel tickets burning a hole in my pocket and nothing to do this weekend! . ... gotta brace myself for the Stan Lee tribute, Into The Spider-Verse almost wrecked me!. #CaptainMarvel #Marvel #MCU #CoulsonLives
captain marvel =
But Captain Marvel is great!?. I love his lightning superpowers.
Captain Marvel!!  
grown ass men out here crying over captain marvel and arguing with teens don't y'all got bills to pay
were talking about Captain Marvel, right?
The nice thing about hanging out at #Athena19 is that I can totally find at least one other person willing to endorse my idea to retcon the entire MCU to make it so Peggy Carter becomes Captain Marvel.
They were selling shirts, they didn't have any captain marvel shirts in xs anymore so. Well pic.twitter.com/fyf6g1OMVC
she isn't. Captain Marvel, in Marvel Comics, is a woman rn.
Hrdjtxhrdvtrc captain marvel straight up decks an old lady in the movie theater.
Thunderbirds. Captain Marvel promotion.
(dunno if this counts but) captain marvel doesnt need to play on every single screen in every theater to do good in the box office, disney just wants more money
*not all men-- I like Captain Marvel more than Wonder Woman-- until I get a good Wonder Woman video game.. All superhero choices are made by who I played the most in Marvel Ultimate Alliance (Ms Marvel, Thor, Black Panther, Symbiote Spider-Man)  
Of all the nerd outrage out there the Brie Larson told me to not see Captain Marvel if I am a straight, white, cis dude has to be the most willful distortion of facts I have encountered to get mad about.
BRIE LARSON CAPTAIN MARVEL PHOTOS POSTER COMIC BOOK SUPER HERO MOVIE CHARACTER   via @eBay
#RAW gave us the special look at Captain Marvel. Even if you hate the show thats one good thing that came out of tonight!
HI ANOTHER POLL BC IM VERY INDECESIVE LOL. should i litro try and create a captain marvel cosplay for sdcc???? its so unrealistic but shes my dream gal so????
If you spoil Captain Marvel without at least having warning its a spoiler Im blocking you this is your warning dont be an asshole
CAPTAIN MARVEL THIS WEEK HIGHER FURTHER FASTER BABEY!!!!!!!!!!!!
I 100% already have plans to see it twice. Captain Marvel get all my money for making neckbeards mad.
 ta captain marvel
my mom calling me from the other room every time she sees a captain marvel commercial
Awesome show at Tower Records for the Captain Marvel Rocks show!! #CaptainMarvel #copilot099pic.twitter.com/x6aRRtxl2d
I'm going out of town to see captain marvel on friday, then coming back Saturday and going to my little brothers birthday party, then I have hurry and plan something for my best friends birthday Sunday... I am STRESSED
Captain Marvel: ghostbusters part 2
yeah youre the CAPTAIN MARVEL in the family
Im really psyched about seeing Captain Marvel, and now, this lil cutie cub will be joining me, (and Scotchie), when I go and see it! Marvella smells like 
HOLY SHIT I DIDN'T EVEN NOTICE CAPTAIN MARVEL IS OUT IN 3 DAYS AHH
Captain Marvel
He's nervous because at the back of his 'superior intellect' brain there is a niggling thought that captain marvel could bend him over and peg him and there is bugger all he could do about it! What a snowflake. 
These Captain Marvel accounts make me laugh @DDayCobra @OdinsMovieBlogpic.twitter.com/XhPZMPUWcX
Captain Marvel comes out in 5 days and I still havent gotten my tickets ima idiot
Who has two opposable digits and won VIP tickets for an advance screening of Captain Marvel at the IMAX? Moi! pic.twitter.com/BwsF6upbnA
I finally got a captain marvel shirt!!! YES! ready for opening weekend!! pic.twitter.com/4slSgrSJUs
Oshey Captain Marvel.
Its Monday. Its Captain Marvel week. Found some old school Captain Marvel comics and it just continues to help build my excitement pic.twitter.com/z0cORIEGCk
If even Scott Mendelson (aka a parody on journalist) has given 6/10 to Captain Marvel, MCU really f*cked up this time. pic.twitter.com/okReyfuMbO
Captain Marvel is really good but I dont understand the scene where she pees standing up and then beheads a man who held the door open for her
Idk when Im going to see captain marvel bc of exams ://
@brielarson Brie Your the greatest hero ever. I want to see this movie captain Marvel. You have very sexy Lips. pic.twitter.com/u6pwP5zhvZ
The only thing I'm excited about March is Captain Marvel. Honestly, March is my least favorite month....
I dont want to spoil too much about CAPTAIN MARVEL but given its plot its truly hilarious that folks online think its Air Force propaganda
Captain Marvel is a story. The drill instructors in the Marines are real. They are just an example. I dont need to google the difference in the armed services. I lived it.
Oh so aquaman better movie then captain marvel?
Captain marvel 9:15 show
The origin of why some trolls wanna bring down Captain Marvel so bad. Really. 
 | More pictures of Elizabeth with Ming-Na Wen and Chloe Bennet at the Captain Marvel premiere in Hollywood, California yesterday [03/04/2019] pic.twitter.com/H6TlHE663a
Take the plastic bag challenge instead you walking condom failure.  Im going to go see Captain Marvel twice this weekend.
She plays a big part in end game, they both have a long history between each other both Captain Marvel and Thanos.
Captain Marvel here I come #StarMoviesSecretScreeningpic.twitter.com/RJIMNVjcpG
AhHhHhH solid ng captain marvel.
OK, so the Reviews for Captain Marvel say that it's a GOOD Movie, has the Most important end credits scenes in the MCU (as it builds up to Endgame).. is Not a bad movie, yet is not the Great  movie either. The villain is good tho, along the lines of Killmonger, Vulture, Thanos
i cant wait for this upcoming weekend im going shopping for some new books and im seeing captain marvel with my little brother its gonna be so fun pic.twitter.com/2tf2mD4TLz
i'm so excited about the movie that i woke up thinking Captain Marvel came out today
So much I want to say about Captain Marvel but theyre mostly spoilers so Ill keep it to myself but I mostly had my hand to my heart whilst audibly saying, fucking.glorious . The soundtrack is everything. The opening credits are everything
Today on my podcast, @ItsMeTonyT is back for some more nerdy discussion. We talk about Captain Marvel a lot, both the comics and the movie. We also share some of our failures and talk about God working through our failures. Check it out. 
I CAN'T WAIT FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW ASDLSJSK
@null Captain Marvel, and 7 more marvellous films to watch in March From Upin &#038;  
Captain Marvel is prolly gonna be a fun movie... like the Antman movies... nothing to be hyped about like dat.
I cant wait to see captain marvel
Captain Marvel was awesome. I'll say no more, but it's a very good movie
even is captain marvel isnt the best, theres always gonna be room for improvement in later films.
Captain Marvel this Friday!
Wala. Kc un ung 1st movie ng captain marvel e. If u want try mo watch ung infinity war.
Captain marvel is the first marvel movie in a long time that I've not been interested in. For starters I dont think shes really that big or important of a character, the only reason she is this big to begin with is because girl power ( not that there's anyrjing wrong with that
showing na ron ang captain marvel broke af
If Captain Marvel is trash tomorrow Im going to be livid.
Looks like Captain Marvels score is dropping again.... Currently down to 83%. What will rotten tomatoes do if it goes down to 27%?. Will there be another unexpected upgrade of the site?. 
why did grimes attend the premier of captain marvel, my music and film interests mustnt collide so harshly pic.twitter.com/fY4vkZHvpk
How Brie Larson, classic introvert, became &apos;Captain Marvel&apos;: &apos;I want togrow&apos; 
sad bc i have an extra ticket for the opening showing of captain marvel but the boi I had a crush on doesnt like me so big oof ig
It's not that Brie Larson's "wasn't made for him" comment wasn't groan inducing (it was), it's just that I'm pretty sure like 80% of the people popping off about it don't even know she wasn't talking about Captain Marvel.
That is a shame. Luckily, from the newer trailers, I lost complete interest in BECAUSE it looked bad. Plus, I'm just not into Captain Marvel at all..
Maybe because it's a minority of ignorant people that hate women.. And we get labeled as such for not agreeing with Larsons message and activism about Captain Marvel being for only young women and children, or that films are only meant for a singular audience.
not a chance, there's now 7 people on Twitter who are boycotting it  and spreading anti-Captain Marvel hashtags. It's going to bomb. 
Exactly. Also the film studios already know that Captain Marvel is gonna be the one of to watch so they don't compete with it. So they will wait till beginning of April which is when school holidays start which is when the $$$ begin to roll in.
It's so weird. I remember being so sad after Ant-Man & The Wasp bc I knew we wouldn't get another MCU film for 9 months. I swear nothing was going to fill that void - then movies like BlackkKlansman & Spiderverse suddenly rocked my world so hard that I forgot about Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/ai0Ev44VYi
a bitch is seeing captain marvel this weekend
I cant wait to go watch captain marvel with yari
Captain Marvel was soooooo good huhu. Looks like I have a new favorite superhero.
we going  captain marvel layout ?
'Captain Marvel' LA Premiere Wrap-up . 
- your my best friend and I love you so much! Your such a cool person and my fav captain marvel Stan
there's no way i'll be able to afford those captain marvel shoes....but I want them so badly and I need to replace my shoes that were ruined due to the flooding in my house  but they're probably like $150 or something it's totally worth it i just don't have that lol
@brielarson I wrote to you an year ago and you replied. I have turned 19 now and here I am writing again. Thank you for being an epitome of grace, talent and love. Thank you for inspiring me everyday. I love you!. I can't wait for Captain Marvel.
@TwitterMovies How is Captain Marvel more powerful than Thor? Really?
YA GIRL HAS FINALLY BOOKED THE TICKETS TO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL pic.twitter.com/vw5hqLbuyR
MUMMY I WANNA GROW UP TO BE CAPTAIN MARVEL  #CaptainMarvel
Who wants to be my plus 1 for captain marvel?
Only good things for captain marvel and avengers endgame because it sets up for guardians of the galaxy volume 3 .
@EW look at EW with a huge spoiler before Captain Marvel comes out. Wasnt seeing it anyway because #BoycottBrie and all but bad job here anyway.pic.twitter.com/ZaFJaciuXh
Thats an awesome pic. I loved the x-files. Im introducing my wife to the series on amazon prime. Howd you like Captain Marvel? The early reviews make it sound like a fun ride.
Na, captain marvel please.....
My brother just shoved the entirety of his MCU DVDs down my throat so he can drag me to Captain Marvel. Hes an MCU fag
FOLLOW US: @blackbookcomics . SPOILER WARNING . CAPTAIN MARVEL END CREDIT SCENE. ARE YOU GUYS EXCITED FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL ? OR JUST WANT IT TO BE APRIL ALREADY 
First time watching a Marvel movie? Want to see Captain Marvel this week? No worries! Here's what you need to know before watching Captain Marvel!. 
Accusing Captain Marvel of not smiling enough is dumb but don't act like you douchebags didn't throw this at Henry Cavill every chance you could.
Spoiler: Carol Danvers is Captain Marvel.
I have seen Captain Marvel. . I wanna talk about it but I am not yet allowed to do so publicly. . This would be fine if I weren't going to an event tonight where I know no one will want to talk about it. . This is such humblebrag torture.
Sorry to hear this. Im giving away the chase captain marvel tho....wanna enter....?
why are some people so angry about captain marvel? keep an open mind, watch the movie and then judge x
I am not tallking about all white men here omg just the ones who are being RUDE bc captain marvel is a woman
I love the nostalgia trip that the Captain Marvel marketing has taken us on but these images are a little poor. Who is that 2nd pic supposed to be? there's a random person t posing in a trench coat 
I wanna see Captain Marvel in Theaters, but I dont wanna go alone. . But I also dont want to go with one person. Or a huge group.. Why am I like this
I just wanna see captain marvel:(
Captain Marvel this Friday and I have so many questions, like TF she been all this time and how Nick lost his eye, but get ready for The Skrulls they are about to change everything
Maybe they shouldn't make their first female led MCU film based on a crap character they continually reboot because NOBODY likes her but hardcore feminists. MCU started the backlash because of their political based hype. How about Ms. Marvel instead of Captain Marvel? But nope.
Youre not upset about Captain Marvel because youre a comic book fan, youre upset because shes a strong female character in a non-revealing outfit, and also youre a gross little sexist.
I cant wait for Captain Marvel on Friday. Im probably gonna be knackered but idgaf.
Hahahahaha!. A. You've probably not seen Captain Marvel so you don't really know.. B. Agent Carter is anything but bland. Her whole career was dealing with dudes like you and she kicked all of their asses.
Don't forget everyone, go see Alita Battle Angel this weekend instead of the weak Captain Marvel movie. You'll have a way better expierence with an even better and more interesting protagonist. Plus she's a top tier waifu. pic.twitter.com/ux9DQR9ZiM
Captain Marvel es, como dira Lady Gaga, talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference... 
aYejkdjdjd cAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIERE NIGHT WOWOWOWOWOWO MY AVENGERS TEE IS FUCKING READY
my mom called me just so she could ask me who captain marvel is pic.twitter.com/VmoEiMMQ46
I 100% agree.. Brie is a racist/sexist and it is hurting the bottom line.. It is a shame Alita isn't getting as much media shill attention as Captain Marvel is.. Marvel are using ever tactic to get people to watch this.. It will do well due to infinity wars being an incredible succes
A mini Captain Marvel met the real Captain Marvel in the most adorable way. pic.twitter.com/563Hxo8dEu
Captain Marvel brings back 90s optical illusions with newposters 
I think things will die down in a few days. The first few weeks of something new is always the hardest. Just think of Captain Marvel lol. Were ditching class Friday morning and going lol
if u think captain marvel is too political then i pity ur brain
You said I pic for captain marvel  
I cant wait to watch captain marvel with my best friends on Saturday :))))) 
Why are men so adamant that Captain Marvel *must* be bad? 
captain marvela son 5
At the end of the day it really doesn't matter about the unnecessary hatred surrounding Captain Marvel, that movie's going to be a smash hit and inspire audiences both old and new no matter what. So wishing for it to tank financially just isn't going to be.
Who tryna see Captain Marvel
I bet you the Captain Marvel box office numbers will be fudged.. I bet you a lemon lozenge.
Which shirt should I get to show my devotion to the true star of Captain Marvel: Goose.
Dose nick fury lose his eye in captain marvel???
Be strong, I normally do not watch trailers for a film I know that I will see, after seeing the first one. The only way I see any further Shazam trailers is if it plays before Captain Marvel. And Ill try my best to go to the restroom even then to avoid it, LOL!
i still havent made plans to go watch captain marvel this isnt acceptable whats wrong with me?
A1 Carol Danvers as Captain Marvel #WDWEventChat #CaptainMarvel
Cant wait for the real Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/RzlJvOP3jp
listen im super excited for captain marvel too im seeing it tomorrow but lets stop acting like its the first female superhero movie in recent years when its not and brie herself said they took a lot of inspiration after wonder womans success.
Captain Marvel is a reaction to Wonder Woman, much like how Civil War was a reaction to Batman v Superman (I guess we all just forgot how the third Captain America movie originally had a completely different storyline until BvS was announced).
Brie Larson gets emotional at 'Captain Marvel' premiere: 'I'm crying a lot today' 
meh doing ok excited to see Captain Marvel on Friday
1. "acceptable women", you mean, GOOD characters like Alita, and Wonder Woman? No-one has complained about Captain Marvel being a woman, find me proof. I've heard some people say that she looks boring and I'm inclined to agree.
So uhhhh captain marvel ends up...
captain marvel got 91% in rotten tomatoes yeah she won pic.twitter.com/a8rb11ERtX
I DONT GET THE HATE SA CAPTAIN MARVEL IT'S SO AMAZING
someone come see captain marvel w me when it's out
Captain marvel in less than 5 days!!
captain marvel out here about to save march
I knew who Carol Danvers was. She was one of my favorite characters when she was still Ms. Marvel. But for some reason in the comics when they changed her to Captain Marvel they started writing her like she was a completely different person.
In other news, I have to go see Captain Marvel when it comes out next week
After, yes. Trailers never come before Empire covers. But people like to ignore that to keep spreading shitty rumors that it's out next week or right after Captain Marvel
hello friends just thought yall should know captain marvel comes out this week thanks have a good one
Can I just say how thrilled I am that @pinartoprak composed the score to Captain Marvel! Yes, Hollywood, there are amazing female composers and they can write epic scores as well as the bros can. . #CaptainMarvel. #femalecomposer. #abouttime
Oh no, no no my poor child. Og dc captain marvel (shazam) has gone toe to toe with supes plenty.. He's a dc heavy hitter and even as a marvel fan since childhood I know Carol Danvers just does not have the juice to take down the big red cheese. pic.twitter.com/DtsifCbaWl
we going  seeing captain marvel next saturday
JuiceWRLD album and Captain Marvel come out my bday weekend, its boutta be big lit
Go watch Captain Marvel everyone! It is amazing!!
Yeah I'm not planning to watch Captain Marvel
Love these people!!. Our awesome @captain marvel red carpet premiere hosting team!!!. @Marvel pic.twitter.com/UNkuvYwDB9
Why are there not even critic reviews yet for Captain Marvel?
Whats going to be your excuse for a binge-watching marathon this month? St. Pattys Day plans canceled? Seen Always Sunny In Philadelphia too many times? Captain Marvel take up all your... 
Captain Marvel would vote for Trump.  Guaranteed.
Lol I cant wait to go see this captain marvel . I aint been to the movies since after New Years
i can't believe that i'm gonna see captain marvel in three days pic.twitter.com/97kMF4qlyp
@EntryHazzard So Captain Marvel is a confirmed flop are we gonna watch it out of pity or just read the story summary from Reddit?
Captain Marvel is a adventurous Social Activist, and this brief influx tells of his  pincher. Captain Marvel  crawls with crocodiles, then he  crawls with crocodiles, and later on goes  to read  I've Got Your Number ...!!!
I almost forgot that this Friday will be International Womens Day, the day Captain Marvel is getting released . #CaptainMarvel. #InternationalWomensDay
captain marvel will fail because something else that is part of an entirely different medium, experienced in an entirely different way, and is significantly more niche is coming out on the same day 
The Marvelous Mrs. Captain Marvel
and I see that one of the other Captain Marvels is in the movie...  Monica "Maria" "Photon" Rambeau...  I wonder if he's thinking of Billy Batson, the OTHER Captain Marvel...
I agree, I liked this Captain Marvel. And yeah, they should have more representation in media. Why are you arguing against me with something I agree with?
Captain Marvel  with @roughaapic.twitter.com/tkmchW4Yak
Initial thoughts on Captain Marvel. It was ok. CGI was decent but not marvelous. Brie Larson was good, don't mind the haters, she's funny and likable. Soundtrack choices were meh, I like Garbage tho. Sabog story but it's not trying to prove anything, it just needs to exist.
Captain Marvel
i WISH captain marvel could be good, but now all i can hope for is a kamala khan movie where she realizes carol danvers fuckin sucks ass (which will never happen)
She turns into Captain Marvel after falling into an Air Force barrel of toxic masculinity.
Captain Marvel in a few days
BTW, That Captain Marvel cosplay is bad ass. Killin it.
Relax.  If the movie sucks, its not a referendum on women.  Captain Marvel will do just fine because its part of the #MCU.  The heavy lifting (by the original Avengers) has already been done.
THE WOMEN OF AGENTS OF SHIELD ARE AT THE CAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIERE pic.twitter.com/5VsTWP857d
Ticket for Captain Marvel purchased!
Havent been reading much of Marvel as of late but can anyone tell me if Mystique has faced Captain Marvel?
Here's how the Air Force plays a big role in the new Captain Marvel movie 
This is an @brielarson appreciation post. . I love her so much and I'm incredibly hyped for Captain Marvel!
Part 1/5: Captain Marvel opens this Friday, March 8! This week, wed like to test your #CaptainMarvel knowledge. Alright mega fans, well start off w/ an easy one. WHAT IS CAPTAIN MARVELS NAME? #FilmedInCalifornia #MarvelStudios #FilmCA #California #Jobs #Economy #filmCalifornia
Wonder Woman was terrific!  I cant wait to get to Captain Marvel!
CAPTAIN MARVEL IN ONE WEEK
you guys about to like my tweet but not go see captain marvel with me  pic.twitter.com/k9bnmyd6dW
fingers crossed for captain marvel. i'm expecting it to be good at the same time bad welp. lez see how they nerf carol danvers
Great tweet. I totally agree. Just want to add that if it weren't for the "toxic masculinity" of the creators and boys/men who buy and read comics, there wouldn't be a Captain Marvel movie for her to watch. She should be thanking the guys.
We need to compare notes!. I have a bridal shower on Saturday but was v tempted to ask what theatre youre seeing Captain Marvel at  plz report back after.
Im going to see Captain Marvel without question, wait till she hears that it was two white men, the race and gender she hates so much, that created Captain Marvel. I wonder if anybody has informed her about Wonder Womens creator too  pic.twitter.com/d4gg5S7RaQ
Tickets secured for Captain Marvel! Saturday morning with my Favorite!  @scottb804
I just trashed AQUAMAN today, so CAPTAIN MARVEL is probably fucking marvelous (probably seeing it tomorrow).. 
Captain Marvel tom
Oh yeah, Captain Marvel. Need to make some plans for that!
Walking into the theater to see Captain Marvel tomorrow pic.twitter.com/SWmOTWomLQ
Yes, my 60 year old husband was a fan from his childhood. He has no clue about some newer characters. . 60 year olds however are not the target audience for movies, whether by marvel or anyone else. And Guardians & Ant-Man weren't as popular as others. Captain Marvel is the same.
i'm seeing captain marvel tomorroooow
Im trying to see captain marvel this weekend
what did Captain Marvel do? I don't want any biased comments
Captain Marvel Thursday with @REV__OF__EV @ryanpryme and West side
CAPTAIN MARVEL IS A STRAIGHT WHITE MAN #CAPTAINMARVEL pic.twitter.com/d3qvEUwwIP
How about this, how does Captain Marvel compare to Ragnarok or Infinity War or better yet if we want to go years back can it hold a candle to Winter Soldier? Did you actually pay to see this movie? How much was your soul worth?
The Ancient One. (Captain Marvel)
 Maybe you shouldnt be Captain Marvel miss equality??? @j_t_starwars
'Captain Marvel' feels at once fresh and familiar 
Yeah, you know what, neither am I.. When I watch Captain Marvel, Im separating the actress from the character.
DON'T FUCKING SPOILER CAPTAIN MARVEL thanks for the attention
Captain Marvel this week yeah
I hope Captain Marvel is good because I love Brie Larson
Captain Marvel review: a fun but flawed origin tale - 
Brie Larson gives nod to Captain Marvel with silver star embroidered dress as she attends worldpremiere 
Captain Marvel. #GuessTheMovie @StarMoviesIndia
You think the fans knew Guardians of the Galaxy, a defunct brand briefly resurrected from 2008 to 2010. before being cancelled again, better than they know Captain Marvel, a brand that was successfully resurrected & has been in print every year since 2012?
I did not know Jordan Peele was in Captain Marvel. #uncannyvalley #sharedpic.twitter.com/ITKi7Va2AG
Definitely worth sitting this one out, and as a woman, I can tell you that I will be sitting this one out as well.  It's time for authentic women to unite and show the Feminazis that they don't speak for all of us.  We can start by not spending a dime on the Captain Marvel movie.
2 days until Captain Marvel. 40 days until Game of Thrones. 51 days until Avengers Endgame.
captain marvel just killed me
Apparently next weekend *really* needs Captain Marvel---the box office this year to date is 26% behind last year's.
Yea just confirmed that the city I live in Canada. All the theatres are only showing Captain Marvel on Friday. Didn't check Sat. or Sun. but regardless that's fucked.
@chrishemsworth if youre looking to surprise a fan while youre here in Perth Ill probably be at the 8pm session of Captain Marvel, could do 7:15 if that suits you better, let me know x
'Captain Marvel' feels at once fresh and familiar  Captain Marvel unambiguously represents a fresh new face for the Marvel Cinematic Universe  she is, as you've surely heard by now, the franchise's first solo female movie lead.. Yet Captain Marvel, the
I'm still waiting for a good Fantastic 4 movie, personally.. As for Captain Marvel movie... Yeah, it actually looks pretty good. I especially liked the part where he yelled "Shazam!"
I want to watch captain marvel
I see Captain Marvel in 4 days im pic.twitter.com/3uFC4eCzLa
@Chris_Stuckmann WHERE DID YOU GET KANEDA SHIRT IN CAPTAIN MARVEL REVIEW VIDEO
I wrote this commentary, why captain marvel is important. It was hard to write, almost heart breaking but a huge thanks to @kellysue and @mstohl for giving this character an inspiring role.
My pussy not only gets obliterated by Superman but now by Captain Marvel as well. What a blessing pic.twitter.com/gVHChtYa9j
Brie Larson is on a roll.  The Academy Award-winning actress and Captain Marvel star has inked a direct-to-series deal to executive produce and star in an as-yet untitled drama... 
im watching captain marvel spoilers. i dont know why pic.twitter.com/HzMqE4ybWb
captain marvel was like an 8.5/10 but still has me rly excited for endgame :)
CAPTAIN MARVEL
Review: Captain Marvel gets an average introduction 
Seems like the consensus about Captain Marvel is formulaic but fun which sounds like a Marvel movie. So Ill be interested to see who that suddenly turns into a negative for.
i am literally so excited for captain marvel it's gonna be so good i can feel it
@ManaByte Did you see Captain Marvel in 3D? Do you think it's worth it?
Rotten Tomatoes version of "We're making some changes" was to raise Captain Marvel's WTS score from 27% to 38% after 5 days of silencing downvoters. pic.twitter.com/7TyrAFrXDX
it's officially the last week of waiting for captain marvel!!! ARE WE READY TO INHERIT THE EARTH OR WHAT!!!
Any comment section on a video involving Brie Larson or Captain Marvel is a major yikes.. I'm just eagerly counting down the hours until I can see it tomorrow
captain marvel is going to defeat Thanos and your white snowflake salty ass can't do anything about it. pic.twitter.com/rYWg1iTZie
She is higher, further and faster. The first marvel big screen female hero makes her appearance. Captain Marvel is finally here. The movie that everyone is anticipating before the 
Captain Marvel on the big screen => dinner & dance night
you wanna go see captain marvel?
Of all movies to adopt as some counterpart to see out of spite against Captain Marvel, why choose Alita
i CANNOT believe we are less than a week away from captain marvel @brielarson I am so ready to see you on the big screen
#MCU Schedule as of 3-2-2019. Captain Marvel: 5 days. Avengers Endgame: 54 days. Spider-Man Far From Home: 124 days. Black Widow: ?. Eternals: ?. Dr. Strange 2: ?. Guardians of the Galaxy 3: ?. MCU X-Men/Fantastic Four: ?. Shang-Chi: ?. Black Panther 2: ?. Stay Safe & Warm Until Then!
Check out 2018 Marvel Masterpieces CAPTAIN MARVEL Tier 4 Purple #20/199 Card No.85 #Entertainment  via @eBay @captainmarvel
So fucking watching captain marvel this friday
So Im about to quit bc Captain Marvel comes out next week its gonna be SO FUCKING busy. I wanna cry just thinking about it
Captain Marvel #GuessTheMovie
The U.S. military often uses Hollywood movies for propaganda, but Captain Marvel is different from something like Top Gun. Instead of being macho & patriotic, it links the Air Force to female empowerment. A new angle with a new target.
I AM SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL ON WEDNESDAY GUYS
Captain Marvel Thursday  Brie
Anyone from Baroda wants a captain marvel ticket? Cinepolis Inorbit Mall.
Le cameo de Stan Lee dans Captain Marvel.... pic.twitter.com/rqhfIYmDuq
I really hope people aren't hating on Captain Marvel because 'hurr durr why is Captain Marvel a woman' because a) Carol Danvers has been Captain Marvel since 2012 and b) she isn't even the first woman to take the role (Monica Rambeau and Phyla-Vell preceded her)
captain marvel is this week I CANT WAIT
On our way to the Captain Marvel premiere!!! @ Hollywood 
Should I watch Captain Marvel next week?
Captain Marvel tonight, tomm, and Thursday just because.
Mikey, I want a Captain Marvel suit, GET ME ONE !!!!
He walked by the Captain Marvel presale line and caught a whiff of cat pee.
yeah its CAPTAIN MARVEL but im seeing it tonight so hold ur horses 
Will there be any references to past interpretations/iterations, namely the "Adventures of Captain Marvel" serial?? #AskSHAZAM
ROFL!!!. lol thats DC comics. your talking about SHAZAM ROFL!!!!!. you seem awfully unfamiliar with the aspect of capitalism that led to captain marvels creation
Who wants smoke from Captain Marvel?.     0% cis heterosexual white men.     0%  cis heterosexual white men            .     0%   cis heterosexual white men.    100% Thanos.  948,033,7958 votes  Final results
A Captain Marvel movie negates a Rogue origin, no? Her Ms. Marvel powers were lower than her Captain Marvel upgrade, so at this point Rogue would wind up very different since we skipped the lower power set and jumped Carol to most powerful in the universe, right?
Me and the gang are really gonna go to the premier of Captain Marvel
Did Captain Marvel's negative reviews lead to ban on comments on Rotten Tomatoes before the movie release? - PINKVILLA 
Seeing captain marvel opening night... I have zero expectations on this movie but hey lets hope it surprises me pic.twitter.com/5NrQuxfEix
They constantly invoked the contrast of heroism/conflict and the feminine to sell their popcorn flick in more significant and fundemental ways then what I've see for captain marvel. Christ they even had incredulous old dudes asking "who is this woman?"
I have literally seen zero trailers for Captain Marvel and I want to keep it that way until the end of time.
This is a problem, yes, but it isnt exclusive to Captain Marvel. The *choice* to use one of the handful films focusing on female superheroes that exist as a jumping off point for commentary really annoys me. Criticism is very important, but lets let this movie succeed, please. 
Aren't the expectation levels on these films a bit high? "Kicks ass" or "disappointing"? Read the mixed Captain Marvel reviews by @latimesent
Statistics are never wrong. Our jobs depended on it. We had the great movie benefit though of bringing company cards and could watch free movies all day every single day. Again we were never wrong. Captain marvel will NOT* blow up box office. (Wont be a flop either)
Captain Marvel Junket, Learn some interesting facts about the movie!. #CaptainMarvel #DisneyPartner 
Just saw #AlitaBattleAngel My impression?. #AlitaistheREALMarvel. Excellent acting, true character growth, and a much more human, relatable story in parts than Captain Marvel will ever hope to show through its feminist propaganda.. Go see this movie asap; you won't regret it.
She should play captain marvel...
CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW LADIES
oh my god captain marvel comes out this week
i cant wait to see all the weak ass white men getting mad at captain marvel this thursday night
First we need to enjoy captain marvel though
Every seat for Alita, in my area, is available through the rest of the week.. Meanwhile, it looks like I'm going to have to do an early Sunday morning showing of Captain Marvel if I have any hope of seeing it this weekend.
also seeing captain marvel this weekend !!!!!!!!!
Forget ole captain marvel.. If you wanna see the right way to do a bad ass female heroine, look at these gals. pic.twitter.com/ZsnLsS0DA0
Brie Larson, #Halsey, Gemma Chan & more at the Captain Marvel Premiere Like Us @ fb: 
Ive literally not seen any man complain about Captain Marvel like theyve complained about Spider-Man reboots. 
Captain Marvel 
Captain Marvel meets the Avengers: Endgame, the first images of the Avengers, united states 
Also, I dont recall Wonder Woman getting the same backlash as Captain Marvel. Probably because Gal Gadot didnt say I dont want white dudes giving their opinion on my movie like Brie Larson has
Well I have been told that Alita Is worth buying the Blueray. By someone who saw the movie and will buy itAs for Captain Marvel being a Female. ..It would not be the first female Captain Marvel. As for the actress. Do not care
Captain Marvel review: A soaring tale of self-discovery with a '90s riff - CNET 
Captain Marvel brand is tanished.  Sorry...
I don't know about "plundering the vault for lesser-known creations" it's a little crazy not knowing who Captain marvel is, to me.
*Feminist tells white males not to see #CaptainMarvel*. *No white males go to see #CaptainMarvel*. *#CaptainMarvel bombs*. "CAPTAIN MARVEL FAILED BECUZ PATRIARCHY!!!!1"
A thread of female-penned reviews for CAPTAIN MARVEL: 
IDK MAN I JUST DONT FEEL RIGHT WITH BRIES CAPTAIN MARVEL IDK WHY?????
With the new Captain Marvel film out, what better way than to catch up on the Marvel films. Here is Thor Ragnarok looking outstanding on the fantastic ambient light screen!! . #Sapphire #Screen #Ambient #Light #Marvel #CaptainMarvel #Homecinema
I have seven Captain Marvel shirts in my possession, so I guess I know what Im wearing for the next week  pic.twitter.com/pVfw7kZzyX
I wanna see the post-credit scenes from Captain Marvel so bad. Can't wait until Friday
Got it! At the end of Captain Marvel, Rouge takes her powers and puts her in a coma. Introducing the X-men into the MCU and with their help they will all stop Thanos.
Captain Marvel snart #captainMarvel
I still don't understand why people are mad over captain marvel???? I don't understand it one fuckin bit
Oh shit I forgot captain marvel comes out this week
Its March. Captain Marvel is coming!
Captain Marvel sure does come out this weekend. Let me see what these seats looking like.
another leaked image from @MarvelStudios upcoming blockbuster, avengers: end game. u honestly think captain marvel can defeat thanos??? pic.twitter.com/yGc3lEzvCC
my rating for captain marvel: cat/10
Marvels Captain Marvel, Us and Disneys Dumbo
Captain marvel you made her worst Just damage it's enough to survive in this game
No one gives a damn that Captain Marvel exists. That doesn't change the fact that people don't give a shit about Brie Larson's nonsensical oppressed schtick. . Wonder Woman was a thing.
I know I said I didn't liked the term stan but I am a Captain Marvel Stan anyways Goodnight
I think captain marvel loves the Mumford!
not believing anything people say about captain marvel because y'all "hated" the new ghostbusters even though that movie was good
CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW pic.twitter.com/i7HGFTrPmV
im so excited for captain marvel im going to cry
I honestly wonder just how many new movie goers that were inspired to go see Captain Marvel just on this controversy alone.
It is nothing. Screens for non new releases haven't been allocated. On the 15th, only the three new releases show up without Captain Marvel.
Are people really freaking out this much over a rumor that Disney may be shutting down Marvel Comics? For a moment, I thought that Captain Marvel reviews had come out and been underwhelming, you know...actual news?
the most criticized marvel movies are black panther and captain marvel. (keep in mind cm hasnt even come out yet) what a coincidence that they just happen to be the movies in which one has a POC lead character and the other has a lead female. huh. really makes you think
There should be ZERO controversy behind Captain Marvel. Fuck trolls.
Hot Take:. I can't wait to see Captain Marvel so I can actually talk about it instead of bitching about it with zero context and hearsay.
@troyesivan go see captain marvel in four days to be cured
Captain Marvel is THE female corner stone of Marvel. And while there has been a black version of her in the comic books its Carol Denvers that is the true face of her. I do think that your criticism in general is just. But in this particular case you got it all wrong.
Everything you need to know about Captain Marvel's cat. 
People are already hating on Captain Marvel just because its a Female Lead Character Jesus Christ. I cant even remember the last bad Marvel movie.
I cant wait to see Captain Marvel on Friday
The new Captain Marvel movie comes out this week! In honor of Carol Danvers, this week we are sharing all the amazing Marvel Heroines we can. Tag us in your photos for a chance to be 
New post: "Vote for Captain Marvel in our massive Women of the Marvel universe bracket     - CNET" 
ComicsGate: Captain Marvel is gonna be the worst movie ever.. Reality: Nah. @renfamous @SjwSpidermanpic.twitter.com/wXLu1Ef4fu
watch captain marvel when it opens in theaters near you
Only one more week until Captain Marvel releases, and then the sperging whininess of manboy snowflakes can cease.
I think ive made myself clear. I wanna be captain marvel.
@maximilian_ might be an out there question, but is it not entirely impossible for you to stream Mvci while playing Captain Marvel since the movie's coming out soon?
i never seen marvel shove a movie down our throats as hard as they have been for captain marvel. its very clear they dont believe in their own movie. this many ads. commercials. posts. and it hasnt even dropped yet. any time i look at a screen there that shit is again damn lol
Also current Ms. Marvel is a total fangirl of current Captain Marvel.  Like poster on the wall and everything
Really looking forward to your captain marvel review.  . Almost feels like you should do something special, like wear some cm merch.. Or do your hair up in a cm mohawk.
I agree with your sentiment. Captain marvel looks great. I can't wait to get it on Blu Ray.
glad captain marvel is coming out so i can weed out the weak men who start crying over a female super hero
You sound like a one of those movie bomberswho gave negative reviews to Captain marvel before it came out
NICK YOUNG AND SON ATTEND CAPTAIN MARVEL WORLD PREMIERE 
Who is agree with me that some scenes of Captain Marvel related with Guardians of Galaxy Vol 1. ????????
CAPTAIN MARVEL is a movie defined by the idea of "Girl Power!". As I thought more about it, I struggled to determine if that's well-intentioned or a strategy for the men who created this franchise to feel good about themselves and sell t-shirts. My full review: 
Some people are, I'm sure, but MCU films are doing better than ever at the box office and presales/box office projections for Captain Marvel are right on track with the last few MCU movies
Tbh I cant wait to watch captain marvel pic.twitter.com/fjWRbTdo2l
Me if I forget to go watch captain marvel by next friday pic.twitter.com/ERuHGZjmWG
MARVEL at our new #burgeroftheweek as we pay homage to @brielarson and celebrate . CAPTAIN MARVEL. Double beef patty . Raspberry glazed smoked bacon. Melted Brie. Maple fried onions. Deep fried brie. Seeded brioche bun pic.twitter.com/g8kHyuSpqX
For every one person thats excited for Captain Marvel, there are ten that arent. pic.twitter.com/OrdjktAW6A
No one read Captain marvel comic books, why would we be interested in the movie?
Alright, embargo for Captain Marvel lifts at 1am and I don't get to see it until 6.30pm, so it's going on mute for now.
Brie Larson's premiere dresses for Captain Marvel have been making me yell all week long. pic.twitter.com/yv73waTeAX
Avengers end game.                        Captain marvel
I thought Id have to wait until tomorrows Captain Marvel premiere to bump into Gemma Chan  and then I discovered this had been left on a table in our hotel room. Shes everywhere! 
Captain Marvel  La recensione  @bestmovie.it #film #cinema #serietvpic.twitter.com/JvkrXT38yv
SO WHOS GOING WITH ME TO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL IN ONE WEEK?!
*looks at week's calendar and gulps*. - team bonding outing. - movie screening. - doc and haircut. - Austen conference call. - fam time. - 1920s-themed scavenger hunt. - Captain Marvel take 2.
Going see Captain Marvel friday!!!
I cant wait for captain marvel and for my gay to intensify
captain marvel comes out next week and i cant even see it grrr
All these captain marvels, women are so powerful pic.twitter.com/Jtwwg4Trn1
So tonight was our Infinity War re-watch, which means weve just got Ant-Man and the Wasp to watch tomorrow night, then were done...until Captain Marvel next week, yay! Cant believe how many films Ive watched this year already
U.S. box office has lowest February sales in 17 years, but here comes 'Captain Marvel' 
/ My muse for the Marvel verse is low, but should be back once I watch Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel gonna be a good ass movie dont sleep on it!
I rated Captain Marvel (2019) 9/10  #IMDb
'Captain Marvel': Brie Larson Lights Up Talking About Her Close Pal and Co-Star Samuel L. Jackson
Captain Marvel Thursday?
there is the smart way of going about it... and there is the stupid way going about.. "Captain Marvel is my form of Activism"  well, sound like propaganda in a movie.
Also, who the hell cares or pays attention to the quantity of either? No one cares if a woman of man is lead. That has 0 to do with any reasons against Captain Marvel. You're a complete strawman.
Should I or should I not get my hands on those free tickets to watch Captain Marvel...
Still tryna go see Captain Marvel by myself tho
I mean, sure, some people dont like the Marvel movies, its the ones that decided to be vocal about it when Black Panther and Captain Marvel are released what worries me.
Friday's plan:. watch Captain Marvel in IMAX. drive home. open box with season 3 of The Expanse that should be waiting. watch The Expanse until no longer physically capable of staying awake
Forver? Is that why brie called captain marvel? And nobody going see cap marvel? Your going be disappointed this weekend my dude, your talking mcu here, 20 straight hits
Captain marvel link: . Check out this item at Target 
Captain Marvel
Jack, Alita is literally not available this weekend in Brooklyn. Nothing but Captain Marvel is available this weekend. . The fix is in.
Brie Larson at the Captain Marvel premier pic.twitter.com/L7QcAFwAEb
you guys, captain marvel was so fucking solid, but the most important thing i have to say about the movie is that I LOVE GOOSE AND FURY
i want to watch captain marvel with @ya
ONLY 3 DAYS UNTIL I SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!!!!!
Wait, Carol's a full Colonel. Did that change in the comics? (This is from this week's Captain Marvel Braver & Mightier) #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/2ugQceL7DY
I AM WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT HAHAHA CAPTAIN MARVEL LATURRRRRR
anyway, go watch captain marvel you wont regret it its a beautiful movie and carol danvers is precious and soft and badass, shes the love of my life end of the story
My least favorite MCU movie to date: Captain Marvel (2019) 4/10  #seacage
I literally had an entire conversation with multiple people on Facebook crying that Captain Marvel was supposed to be a man when the trailer first came out. But hey, you keep on telling me my own experiences. Youre sure to be correct some day
LRT. The reason I'm not sure I want to see Captain Marvel is because the trailers made it look like a USAF ad. So I'm glad it's not just me.
Looking forward to Captain Marvel next week!
one week till captain marvel god bless
me: i won't buy merch anymore i'm only wearing it at home anyways. also me: i need a shirt for watching captain marvel
I have managed to make it this far without ANY Captain Marvel spoilers, including plot summaries. I just have to make it to Friday. I AM SO EXCITE!
He's the GOAT for now. Captain Marvel bout to get in his posterior real soon. But yeah its not even close between him and Bane. He's the clear winner here.
@SilverbirdGhana Captain Marvel??
I cant wait to see Captain Marvel when it comes out!
@Spotify minor error on your track listings on PS4. Just had a Captain Marvel ad on before this track by Live. pic.twitter.com/YYxQegtH9e
Ironic thing is,if there wasn't this absoulute movement around Captain Marvel including the tomatometer and now ONLY playing that movie in some theaters I would have maybe went to see it
Me thinking about Captain Marvel this week and Endgame next month pic.twitter.com/E8bopPOOnX
Ill unfollow if you post/rt Captain Marvel Spoilers. Ill unfollow if you post/rt Captain Marvel Spoilers. Ill unfollow if you post/rt Captain Marvel Spoilers. Ill unfollow if you post/rt Captain Marvel Spoilers. Ill unfollow if you post/rt Captain Marvel Spoilers
People say draw the things you love. So I draw TWICE Jeongyeon as Captain Marvel! This is number 2 on my TWICE meets Marvel series. I hope you guys like it :). #Marvel #marvelcomics @captainmarvel @JYPETWICE. # #pic.twitter.com/frw5Jymslv
gonna break my never watching a marvel film pact and go see captain marvel in the cinema just to spite filmbros pic.twitter.com/GrOxeBR62A
WHAT WILL YOU DO AFTER YOU SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL  CRY AND CRY AND CRY and then rewatch it a million times 
i hate captain marvel
It's hard for me to even get my head around people not liking Captain Marvel. For me it's like: Holy Crap! It's like Superman except she's cool and I give a crap about her!
Some of my training buddies could definitely have passed me on that third one, but they stayed behind and encouraged me. That's also what Captain Marvel is all about.
Shazam trailer yesterday, GoT today and im gonna see Captain Marvel on Saturday pic.twitter.com/27P1hDtm6b
I wonder if people are rooting for battle Angel over captain marvel is that people still see Alita as a sex doll.
Captain Marvel Supporters: Ugh gross, disgusting white men don't need to see this movie, it ISN'T for them.... -Movie reviews tank for obvious reasons besides being a mediocre movie-. Captain Marvel Supporters: pic.twitter.com/J3WbXiiiuB
Lol, that account only exists to set itself over Captain Marvel.. Imagine being the kind of existence that drives people to such pathetic lengths.
1. Ghostbuster is a bad movie, 2. Rey is actually well liked and well received, 3. Wonder Woman is also greatly received. 4. Captain Marvel isnt the first women heroine that is well received. 5. WHY STIR SHIT Up? When there are more importants problems. 
To all the dudes who got butt hurt about the Gillette commercial, how about you read all the lovely comments from your fellow men about Captain Marvel. Then if you still feel wronged, go ahead and continue crying.
captain marvel did a great job hyping me up for the next avengers movie, can't wait.
What's the best 90s snack to eat during Captain Marvel? My vote is Surge and Cool Ranch Doritos.
So why I thought Shazam was Captain Marvel I guess cause mortal kombat vs dc 
Im not excusing her for taking part in the movie. But Captain marvel was casting Carol Danvers, not Monica, so take up your argument with Kevin and those who made the movie. If it wasnt Brie it would be someone suited for carol?
Captain marvel are not Marvel's best movie recently even she was said to be the key for avengers to defeat thanos . Follow if interested
captain marvel premieres this week pic.twitter.com/9HJXjOZyhy
David the trailer was perfect, it left us wanting more.. Showed the potential this movie has. (Kind of meta that Shazam trailer will run along Captain Marvel :))
from Thursday until Sunday, Captain Marvel is apparently the only film playing at the theater I usually go to. ...okay
Isn't she captain marvel stunt double.... OMG.  LMAO pic.twitter.com/gwMMw13Ahz
Dearest Gods of MCU, please guide us in being able to acquire a movie ticket for tomorrow's Captain Marvel premiere.
@Linkara19 What are your thoughts on Brie Larson and the claims that she's ruined the Captain Marvel movie numbers with her SJW comments?
I swear I checked on a good amount of cinemas near where I live (Mexico City) and fun fact: Captain Marvel DOESN'T EVEN COME OUT on the 7th, but one day later instead.. Feel free to correct me if you see otherwise, though; don't wanna spread misinformation.
Youve just described excatly what is happening. Captain marvel is is schedules before it is out.
SHSJXHX im not gonna spoil captain marvel i love yall so much i hope you enjoy the movie ITS SICK
You know, Shazam actually looks pretty good, I might go see it. But not as good as Captain Marvel looks!!
Me: finds out im working sat 9th the day I'm seeing captain marvel. Me also: realises I'm only working the morning and my session for captain marvel is only at 3pm pic.twitter.com/VVgu7TphKI
Frick they did but do we confirm the date????. Avengers Endgame. #AvengersEndgame. Marvel. #Marvel. Avengers. #Avengers. Captain Marvel. #CaptainMarvel. Movie
Really not looking forward to Captain Marvel.... but Im gonna watch it anyway
Captain Marvel is a sandwich.
No, Captain Marvel is made for men and women. Life of pets isn't made for animals.
@emmaklahana at @Marvels Captain Marvel Premiere, March 4th, 2019 pic.twitter.com/Glrp9P2oD3
The trolls don't care. they'll still dog it. Bounding into Comics, the CG news website, is running an article now that's basically "RUMOR: Disney expects Captain Marvel to make $150".. They're setting a bar so that if the movie performs below that they can say "We did that".
I will kick anyones ass who says Captain Marvel is anything less than stellar
@Sivasakthicinem Hi I am regularly coming to ur theatre to watch movies & now u have updated ur projector to RGB laser. One small request can you please put Captain marvel in English atleast one show on First day. There is no theatre offering RGB laser in kolathur & surroundings.
What to expect for Captain Marvel.  Please read the article, like it, and comment on the page.
ok im so excited for my captain marvel shirt im making i might actually try selling them
guess whos going to see captain marvel opening night
Everything you need to know about Goose, the Cat in 'Captain Marvel': 
Join us tonight on Reel Talk With the Director as we talk about the passing of Luke Perry, Captain Marvel, Spielberg looks to ban Netflix and our Movie SOng Tournament. Call us live at 6465954038. 
One week until Captain Marvel. pic.twitter.com/GoekDuz61M
Well, in preparation for Captain Marvel on Thursday, I watched Infinity War for the fourth time tonight.. I've "wasted" ten hours of my life.
Sooo apparently I'm seeing Captain Marvel next week
Upcoming Marvel film is called #CaptainMarvel not Captain Marvel and Nick Fury so why are so many Brie Larson interviews also with Samuel.L Jackson as male title role Marvel films don't have the actor being interviewed with co-star?
officially got my tix for captain marvel im so fuckin pumped
I keep seeing sad men on here trying to dunk on Brie Larson for being, well, a good person. . Just makes me wanna see Captain Marvel more tbh
CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS okay
The one I posted was the statement that initially made the rounds in relation to the Captain Marvel press.
5. Yeah, Solo did lose money. No ones disputing that. But this has absolutely nothing to do with Captain Marvel, which has a lower budget, lower expectations, and can afford a lower opening. By all relevant metrics, CM is projected to do fine, and your seat chart is meaningless.
FUCK YEAH CAPTAIN MARVEL
I voted for #TeamCaptainMarvel on @TyltEntCaptain Marvel is more powerful than Superman 
To be honest ever since Bob Iger bowed to the demand of Mike Cernovitch my excitement for the MCU has all but disappeared. Still going to see Captain Marvel in 2 days though
Apparently the MRAs have said that they're choosing to side with Thanos in his fight against Captain Marvel because they can't stand the idea of a feminist winning even against a genocidal villain.. Also, they think comic books are real.
Captain Marvel will contain emotional tribute to the late Stan Lee CNET 
2 astronauts scheduled for first-ever all-female spacewalk. No this is not a Captain Marvel Remake! 
That Captain Marvel would receive critical acclaim but a very split audience reaction, sort of reminiscent of The Last Jedi, resulting in criticism being conflated with "hate," and Marvel going out of their way to talk about the need to "stop hate."
Let me get this straight, youre mad that Captain America was an avenger before Captain Marvel? Why?
Haven't seen captain marvel yet, so can't really make an informed decision yet, but so far seems relatively the same as Rey.
We see Captain Marvel at 10:45 PM ON THURSDAY NIGHT. I will not be fully functioning on Friday.
'Captain Marvel' feels at once fresh and familiar 
By the Way: I love #MonicaRambeau ...the REAL Captain Marvel for me.. She's an AWESOME Woman of Color. Not this racist Cheese Larson. pic.twitter.com/qSWxHawIRq
Actually what I've seen of the trailers don't look that great imo. I didn't know wonder woman had done lady only screenings. Well every day sexism I suppose. But either way it was good. If Captain Marvel is I'll be happy enough.
does anyone have absolutely no interest in watching captain marvel?
Except that the DC Captain Marvel dates back to 1940. Even before the DC relaunch in 72 they were in discussions about it. It's the same character and DC owns Fawcett's assets.
Bro captain Marvel is really out on Friday. It's lit. #CaptainMarvel . Avengers #EndGame is out next month
so ready to see captain marvel tomorrow
lrt: EXCITEMENT SCREAMING. oh hell yes shoes, Im always down for new kicks, and if theyre captain marvel colored/themed they'll likely be tight as hell
Captain Marvel
A Spoiler-Free Guide to the 'Captain Marvel' Post-Credits Scene(s) 
New Interview!. Jimmy J. (Co Founder of @AmazingComicCon ) . ACC Aloha 2019 Interview . We chat about the battle of the captain marvels, bringing Asher Angel to his 1st Con & more! Watch . #tocmovies #amazingcomiccon #shazam #captainmarvel #asherangel
Ok, only thinking about how I get to see Captain Marvel at 7 tomorrow for the rest of the day. Happy thoughts. Happy thoughts. Harness the good energy, block the bad. Harness-good, block-bad.
Also, why is it so hard for people to understand that Captain Marvel is groundbreaking because it is the first FEMALE LED MARVEL MOVIE in the 10+ year history of the MCU??? It's really not that hard????
Captain marvel friday
Well...the original Captain Marvel was a man...Carol Danvers was originally "Ms. Marvel"...a feminist super heroine in a skimpy costume and a Farrah Fawcett hairdo... pic.twitter.com/67qs0TFyWm
hi yes im seeing captain marvel IN 10 FUCKING MINUTES
Captain Marvel for sure and hopefully a dbz cosplay but fingers crossed
On the positive side Goose the cat stole the show and this film features some of the greatest de-aging CGI ever.. Some of the action was good and Ben Mendelsohn was the MVP.. I do feel that the MCU has solved their villain problem but that doesn't save Captain Marvel.. 3/4
I SO WANT ALL THE BAMF WOMEN IN THE MCU!!! I LOVE our men heroes! dont get me wrong. but the MCU has to use the full cast! in IM3 Potts, saves TONY and kills Killian. Stark stabilizes Potts' Extremis effects. So I want Pepper in a suit with Captain Marvel level powers!
I've read up on the history of Captain Marvel & yet I still find it deeply weird that the character I think of as Captain Marvel is now called "Shazam!". Not the first time that my comic book knowledge primarily being of '40s DC comics has caused confusion.
Captain Marvel is good, so that's some good news.
aaaaaa bsk captain marvel
Life trying to stop me from seeing Captain Marvel this weekend smh.
Rotten Tomatoes new policy of not letting users review and rate unreleased movies comes after a targeted online campaignagainstCaptain Marvel,@davidlsims writes.
Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car  
Captain Marvel na
Captain marvel is going to suck my dick and balls
Men moaning about captain marvel being women is a thing ... and its 2019 .
Lmao Captain Marvel isnt even out yet 
Captain Marvel? 
That's probably because captain marvel is legit one of the strongest superheroes! Comics and superheroes are not gender restrictive, they're for everybody
Captain Marvel should be a fun movie and set up Avengers: Endgame. I just hope it isn't turned into a Social Justice issue like Black Panther and even Wonder Woman was. The Studio wouldn't mind, look how much it boosted Panther's domestic total, but it screwed with the fun.
Can't understand why there is a population of guys that slammed Captain Marvel, when there are tons of ends this movie can clear up before endgame. . Plus there was a whole ass "Expendables" franchise and a good half of The Fast and Furious franchise, FOH.
Alita, Happy Death, Captain Marvel
Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/fGh2CIXpAZ
Need a date for captain marvel, serious inquiries only
Thankyou!!!!! Captain Marvel is meant to be the strongest most amazing woman and they choose that boring ass pre pubescent stone face no character woman!! Kmbct
EVERYONE. . THERE IS A CAPTAIN MARVEL MEET AND GREET AT CALIFORNIA ADVENTURE THIS WEEKEND. . I'M GONNA MEET CAROL.. I AM GONNA *CRY* AND CONFUSE A POOR CAST MEMBER.
Whats getting me through this week is knowing Im seeing Captain Marvel on Thursday night  
Shes also Captain Marvel! I lov her
captain marvel hasnt even officially been released yet and yall are spoiling the end credit scene oml calm down
the fact that im watching captain marvel in a few days is the only thing thats keeping my depressed ass motivated this week lmfao
i hope brie larson and the rest of the captain marvel cast have a swell time today :) pic.twitter.com/1a9YpdHghI
why is the comment section for the captain marvel trailer and teasers so annoying
oomf and i on the way to captain marvel tomorrow because we still havent bought our tickets pic.twitter.com/gGOkZHPZtd
Hey Scott since you be chatting with Eric give him a brief history of Captain Marvel. He was wondering aboot the character on the last podcast.
@vuecinemas Are there any plans for morning showings of Captain Marvel at your Livingston branch.. Previous Marvel titles have had morning showings in the first week or so after release.
Bet he complains about Captain Marvel too
not to see captain marvel because brie larson said she didnt want her press junket to only involve white men
CAPTAIN MARVEL IS COMING! pic.twitter.com/eJjQehLBNx
Ah great, what Captain Marvel Shenagins (Or should I say SHEnagins) are going on?
I attended a free advanced screening last night. I'd give it a solid B grade. I hope you enjoyed it as much as we did. To be honest, I wasn't really aware of Captain Marvel from my comic fandom in the 90's. At the very least, the soundtrack will bring you back to High School.
Captain marvel script is apparently entirely leaked online.
Yes I did just read the article about Brie Larson's Captain Marvel workouts why do you ask
my dad constantly talks to me about how brie larson is ruining captain marvel for him and  I just
No-one watched ghostbusters. Star wars is failing. No-one complained about Wonder Woman except for "Feminists". Shera... Well I just plain dislike that show because it is a bad show with only one likable character. And captain Marvel will be average
Im so lit for captain marvel Friday
Who else wishes we could just skip Captain Marvel and go straight to Avengers: Endgame?
I've just posted a new blog: Can Captain Marvel Fix Marvels Woman Problem? 
Captain Marvel?
i just watched that film last night ! i cant wait to see captain marvel, its basically what im looking forward to for this weekend!
Captain Marvel opens this weekend! At last the first movie Ive been looking forward to this year.
I'm not saying captain marvel needs to prove anything but if it's done well hopefully we can put to bed this idea that a female lead comicbook movie is "risky". . Even if it turns out to not be that good that would be a positive.
WATCH CAPTAIN MARVEL IN THEATRES MARCH 6TH #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/b4V95yyQp7
*Captain Marvel hits theaters*. Dudes: pic.twitter.com/CzQKA8grdF
6 more days till I get to see Captain Marvel!!! Yes. I'm gonna count down cause I'm hype!
Check out: Captain Marvel Review: Marvels Newest Superhero Never Quite Soars pic.twitter.com/tDluCBYqTs
Marvel are so worried about no one watching Captain Marvel, that they aren't allowing any movies to be played alongside it in Cinemas. Bit sad really
right lol like i care about captain marvel but then again im just tryin to get this out the way
IM FINALLY GONNA SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL THIS WEEK THIS IS FINALLY FUCKING HAPPENING
Something something Captain Marvel. Something something. How could they.
Im going to see captain marvel Thursday
If I tried to mix Captain Marvel with Coke, I'd end up with an assault charge.
LIKE WE HAVE CAPTAIN MARVEL AND THEN WE HAVE ENDGAME.. AHHHHHHHHHHHHH. I'm just so excited.
Captain marvel this week wtf!
Like this Captain Marvel 
Factssss.  Would rather go see #Alita since its more true to original.  Captain Marvel used to be a man, then a black woman, and now...a white feminist?  I just want the superheroes without politics please
midnight screening of captain marvel on thursday lets go lesbians
I don't know anything about Captain Marvel but THANK YOU for designing a wearable pop-culture-themed shoe that isn't just covered in pictures of the subject! 
I cant support Captain Marvel because of her obvious appropriation of a purely alien culture.
After captain marvel, there will be a dark phoenix movie this year KDJSSKSOSLS ill cry if i miss them in the theaters
Nonton captain marvel yuk
Omg!!!! Captain Marvel is AMAZING!!!!! And I LOVE Goose!!!!! Cant say anything more, had to sign papers and phones were locked up even! #captainmarvel #goose #gingercat #catsofmarvel 
Captain Marvel 9 years ago. pic.twitter.com/BERWkxFwim
Falta tan poco para Captain Marvel, Game of Thrones y Avengers Endgame pic.twitter.com/lGhVRyTbue
Only reason that makes me accept Captain Marvel  is she will kick thanos ass in next season of avengers otherwise the movie is 6.5 outta 10
I always planned on seeing both Captain Marvel and Shazam. Because they both look entertaining to me. Good video, @ZacharyLevi. Well put, although my foul mouth would have unloaded on the dipshits. Lol.
I just woke up from a very Captain Marvel-centric dream but apart from her being a badass spy, I don't really remember any of it
Brie Larson shouldnt have been made captain marvel. Thats my point.
New Character Found: CAPTAIN MARVEL. 
if i get captain marvel spoilers im gonna cry i want to go in not knowing anything except the trailer
Captain Marvel is currently 5 out of the top 10 selling marvel comics on Amazon, and Ms. Marvel is another one.  If you expand to the top 20, you get several more Captain Marvel books, plus Coates Black Panther and Jane Foster as Thor. Getting woke drives sales in new markets.
All of them are available for rent and purchase in any format you choose. And Captain Marvel opens this Friday. 
lapit na captain marvel!!
Yall can talk shit about brie or the film but CAPTAIN MARVEL IS FKN WJXKWJSIWHIDWBIAJAJAA LITTYTTYTTTTT AGHHHH Marvel 10/10 everyone else can just leave hollywood and open a convenience store or smthg
Whos seeing Captain Marvel with me or am I doing the solo matinee this weekend
When you find out the girl youve had a small crush on... is allergic to cats.. (Dont worry @brielarson - I will still watch Captain Marvel and cheer on your success.) pic.twitter.com/5HIAT5p7TQ
Nice with a day away from League from time to time. Bought new shoes and watched the Captain Marvel premiere Tomorrow it's back to usual and practice for the weekend. pic.twitter.com/RUcg47Je7L
'Captain Marvel' throws back to the '90s with optical illusion posters designed to make you hate yourself 
Goddamn dude, Avengers Endgame is already around the corner. All you had to do was let Captain Marvel float by the parade. Instead it's like they went out of their way to crash the float.
I dont understand movie critics, like Im very easy to entertain. Why all the hate towards Captain Marvel?
Me avoiding Captain Marvel spoilers whilst being an active part of internet culture. pic.twitter.com/EuLOQ5kiAn
The eternal question for the month of March - Which 5* Champion do I go for? Captain Marvel or Nick Fury? . Also, should I live tweet said arena grind?
This is for the XXX rated version of Captain Marvel right?
@EthanVanSciver Rotten Tomatoes changed their Facebook page to Captain Marvel and now on opening weekend Fandango will ONLY allow you to buy Captain Marvel tickets, no other movies
Similarly, and just to point this out, Disney doesn't give a fuck about female representation. They are certainly doing this for money. These companies are insidious and will use whatever they can to make a buck.. So, yeah, go Captain Marvel. But I'll only be torrenting it.
seeing captain marvel this wednesday with my mom <3
'Captain Marvel': Brie Larson responds to 'smile' criticism 
If you get deep into the comics angle - the character itself is crazy in part because it never takes (M or F version) but is like pushed by Marvel every so often bc of an on going issue (I think now resolved)  about the original Captain Marvel (who the movie Shazam is about)
@DDayCobra Apparently there are 2 cuts of Endgame! 1 version with LESS Captain Marvel in case the movie fails!!! What does that tell you!! Disney/Marvel are worried. So why did they go woke???
I'm so confused why Twitter keeps saying/highlighting mixed or middling reviews when Captain Marvel currently holds an 86% on Rotten Tomatoes. Doesn't seem too mixed to me. 
Last week I think from mail So I get that  marvel legends is captain marvel! I like green cuz look like badass and beautiful too! pic.twitter.com/D01pJI7XgX
Saying this because I'm seeing a lot of DC fans retweeting the more lukewarm Captain Marvel reviews that are coming out and it's just..not cool. A lot of Marvel fans do this shit with DC movies too and it's retarded.
OMG A BLONDE SUPER HERO WITH THE SAME HAIR AS ME. . CAPTAIN MARVEL, YOU ARE GIVING ME HALLOWEEN OPTIONS.
Live CAPTAIN MARVEL REVIEW join us now! 
And the ones who are bagging on Captain Marvel now are pretending like there wasn't the same backlash to Wonder Woman, just like the anti-fans of The Last Jedi pretend that Rey wasn't called a Mary Sue and The Force Awakens wasn't accused of pushing a political agenda, too.
Really surprised no one has referenced the yvan eht nioJ Simpsons joke with Captain Marvel.
Still better than Captain Marvel & that movie isn't even out yet
I always thought the captain marvel from the avengers worlds greatest superheros cartoon a few years back was really good, they should of went with that.
I cant wait for captain Marvel #feelingnerdy
Captain Marvel trailer
Every movie theater in my area is showing only Captain Marvel starting March 8. Other film production companies were willing to forfeit their profits for this. (((Hollywood))) is obviously a kosher monolith. pic.twitter.com/SxRwkHhPhv
Movie is projected to do 120+, maybe even 150 million domestic. Its on pace to have a 90+ million dollar opening in china, and there are lots of reports of theaters being mostly packed for the showings. Captain Marvel is setting up to smash this weekend alone.
who tops, captain marvel or valkyrie  Valkyrie 
A slightly spoilery Captain Marvel tweet just slipped through my mutes of "Captain Marvel," "Carol Danvers," MCU and hashtag variants thereof. I'm not angry, I just admire the persistence of twitter. "Tweets, uh.... tweets find a way." pic.twitter.com/LiittkYKe4
Today, I watched Nightline PC segment on "Captain Marvel". Another fine example of ABC pimping a Disney product. Maybe the reason basement guys that ragged on this flick got ink; they said Ghostbuster (2016) sucked and it did.
I mean... Captain America TFA has 80% on RT and Infinity War is only 85%. The first Thor was 77%. Captain Marvel seems to be pretty comfortably amidst those so theres no way to know how we will personally feel about the film.
I reviewed Captain Marvel, which I really liked, mostly because of Larson and the emotional punch of the ending. Plus a young Samuel L. Jackson reminded me of The Long Kiss Goodnight so that's a good thing! @TalkFilmSoc
First official review of Captain Marvel from France    SC reviews reads the translation.
literally 48 hours for captain marvel pic.twitter.com/7HJSSjjHK4
Captain Marvel is de shit!
 Tickets are up for Captain Marvel!.   Sitting around M15, Cineworld.  Saturday 9th, 7pm viewing!. We're visiting with friends over at Loughborough Women's Network!.  Keep your eyes peeled for a food poll!.   
"Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car"  
@incognitomab You have to see Captain Marvel with me because my children refuse to see it with me because I'm a mom!
Candace. You are smart, witty, wise, honest, brave, authentic, kind, gentle and stronger than Captain Marvel's @brielarson  . But not Wonder Woman .  We Love You
The "it isn't for you" argument is weak at best--just an attempt to dismiss discussion. I don't remember any resistance to WW, but as far as Captain Marvel goes there is plenty of valid criticism to go around.
oke im watching captain marvel on wed yeet
Captain marvel midnight screening! Cant wait  pic.twitter.com/QFrToDbasZ
I wonder if people will think Captain Marvel has fire powers because nope
Its not terrible, its not great. It has couple moments I liked, has a good villain. But it just didnt flow as well as Im used to. In the end, Captain Marvel would have been a better time if I were drunk. 6/10
I changed it because there was an error. I said that Captain Marvel had always been a male comic character. It was pointed out to me that there were female ones. Assertions about comics tend to come back to bite you.
What until men find out Captain Marvel is more powerful than their male faves pic.twitter.com/r493OXnt1D
I RECORDED THIS PODCAST A COUPLE DAYS AFTER THE OSCARS! FUN CONVERSATION FOR SURE! CHECK IT OUT AND TALK BACK TO ME! CAPTAIN MARVEL LIVESTREAM COMING LATER THIS WEEK! @louiethegirl @KokopelliNMSU
Captain marvel Friday
Captain Marvel inspired recipes: Powering the hero within everyone - FanSided -  -.   . Captain Marvel inspired recipes are one way to celebrate this highly anticipated Marvel movie. How will you power the hero within?Captain Marvel inspired recipes are ... pic.twitter.com/pBMHQFlRDA
The big difference between Captain Marvel being "ruined" by the lead actor being openly liberal and the Captain America series not being seen the same way is that you guys are sexist and that's the tea
It's a real shame that you think every single woman will automatically love Captain Marvel just because of what's between their legs instead of doing their job as a film critic and giving a real and honest opinion about the film they sat down and watched with their full attention
Part 2/2: Do genre-films have more inherent opportunity to tell meaningful stories, or is there a way to do that with marvel properties too? Are there any writers/directors who might have a style or vision that could benefit a property like captain marvel?
Still, they couldve gone to the roots and used a black woman, buuuut they chose the white woman instead. How racist of them to choose a white over black. Shouldve written it the other way to honor the FIRST TRUE captain marvel, right?
Hi @brielarson I'm from Lima Per  have you heard if MCU is planning a all female heroe team movie in the future with Captain Marvel being the leader?
Guys we're just a few days from being able to legitimately hate Captain Marvel rather than just pretend. I am so excited to finally be past that threshold.
'Captain Marvel' Eyes $125 Million US Bow, $300 Million Globally #NewsGrit
When Captain Marvel doesn't even come out until next weekend and people have already been hating on it for weeks, I feel like it might not be the writing.
Captain Marvel is fun, funny, and embraced the power and STRENGTH of not only it's lead but other women characters in it. All of the women in it are badass and stand on their own.  So these dudes Gon hafta just be mad because their tears ain't stopping this train.
CAPTAIN MARVEL THIS WEEK?!!!
So Captain Marvel on 7 Mar on tak on??
Captain Marvel Red and Blue eye look pic.twitter.com/lX1PPN2sXA
oh shit captain marvel is next week
ha ha its actually not true. DC's captain marvel still says Shazam. Marvels captain marvel never said Shazam. included is an image that shows your brain lacks the functioning capability to use the google machine pic.twitter.com/AyprRxEXgU
"Captain Marvel is on par with most Marvel movies and it should be so much more. Brie Larson is worth the price of admission, as are some fantastic musical cues," - @Journeys_Film on #CaptainMarvel. 
Do you know if shell be at the Endgame premier? She could represent tiny Captain Marvel fans again.
REVIEW: Captain Marvel (2019). Does the 21st MCU film fly high? Find out here. #Marvel #MCU #CaptainMarvel #MovieReview. 
Somehow I doubt that angry boys are being genuine when they say Captain Marvel isn't diverse enough, since just a week ago, they said Brie Larson hated white men. They seem to have forgotten how mad it made them when she said the film space should be more diverse.
Don't care what the critics say captain marvel was a good movie. Still worth the watch!
Where "men" are defined as "people who gave negative reviews to Captain Marvel".
eighteen hours until i see captain marvel im fucking sobbing
@bwcremins says, While a child sees Billy as a peer, a guide, and possibly as a protector, the adult understand Billy and Captain Marvel as doorkeepers who grant access to forgotten or neglected memories. - This really affected me as I began reading! A brilliant observation! pic.twitter.com/lw6WldBl4t
i see captain marvel on womens day wow look at the POWER
There hasn't been any valid criticism for Captain Marvel tho just a bunch of trolls including one who compared Brie to Hitler and she's referring to them
whats your opinion on people calling captain marvel military/imperialist propaganda? also arent marvel movies in gene  I mean to your second point yeah they mostly are 
Review: Captain Marvel gets an average introduction 
If Tahlia was still here, we would be texting back and forth in ALL CAPS about the fact that Marvel got Bush to play at a Tower Records for Captain Marvel 
Captain Marvel with a bum knee and small stress incontinance issues.
@RainbowSquidInk I'm going to watch Captain Marvel just for the cat.
n by the way m a huge fan of mcu marvel n just cant wait for captain marvel to hit the theatres here in japan!! want brie n the cast visit japan too!! :)
I hope you enjoyed the movie and had no zipper malfunctions! (Fun pod about Captain Marvel btw)
Na e-excite na ako sa March 6. Like, palabas na ng Captain Marvel SKSKSKSKSKSKSKSKSKSKSK
aHHhhHhhHH cant believe that captain marvels release is this week my agony of waiting is coming to an end pic.twitter.com/39wARMIAnn
Hey @RandomMnky @RealClownfishTV. The ticket lockdown for Captain Marvel isn't just a USA thing, it's International. Australian website Hoyts lists nothing but Captain Marvel as the ONLY movie playing from March 7th through March 14th - source: 
im so hype for captain marvel ugh cant wait to have a marvel woman superhero movie
Captain Marvel, and 7 more marvellous films to watch inMarch 
Captain Marvel has a literal hype train. Cant wait.. I also love that they include her cat the same as any other character. 
Welp it looks like some Captain Marvel haters out there might have to eat their words because critics seem pretty pleased thus far. In fact, out off all the stand alone marvel movies 
So turns out the crew behind Captain Marvel predicted one of the complaints that people had about the trailers: that Captain Marvel should smile more.
WAIT FUVK CAPTAIN MARVEL OS TOMORROW AAHH
To be honest, I kinda hate Captain Marvel in the comics. She's kinda bitchy to the other characters, especially in the ANAD versions
Have you seen all the whining about Captain Marvel? Or Wondee Woman?  Or The Last Jedi? Every studio is so afraid to lose the 18-35 White make demo, they ignore literally every other one.
Captain Marvel is only 5 days away
Marvel Studios Captain Marvel | Origins TV Spot
On the latest episode of Men of Steel: if you wanted to know more about the rambling history of Carol Danvers and the Captain Marvel name, this is A place to 
I am glad standards for women in film being so low these days..... Honestly, should you strive towards making the best damn movie in the world if you want Captain marvel to be a household name? 
Instead of watching Captain Marvel March 8th, opt to watch Alita: Battle Angel instead.
Captain Marvel will contain emotional tribute to the late Stan Lee - CNET  #TechPro #DevPro
Tomorrow need to be over so it can be Friday and I can watch captain marvel
Captain Marvel comics to read if you're excited about the movie #feoE55ZZrGOd
Kyle annoys me so much sometimes. He just asked me if Captain Marvel was always a female... dude
Critics applaud Captain Marvel's heroes but not its formulaic approach 
captain marvel!!
Captain Marvel will be released during my syafawi test. Brb crying
I was reminded of this because of all the Captain Marvel movie nonsense going on... did I predict the future?!?! (no)
Aint nobody goin to see that whack ass captain marvel movie!!
This is so weird.  Captain Marvel is a dude!  Canon!?!
Ill say it, im not afraid too, right now Captain Marvel is sjw, "progressive" nonsense, most of her stories are thr lazy and extremely overused "All men are misogynists and the patriarchy is my biggest challenge"
Captain Marvel was so G O O D !!!! Yall aint ready for Queen Larson to bless ur screen
You do realize that this actor is not really Captain Marvel. This shit aint real.
Captain Marvel is a pro war movie about an Air Force pilot that becomes a super hero. Its supported by the US military. Im not supportive because I dont like war propaganda directed towards children, but Youd think the comicsgate right wing would eat this shit up. @renfamous
"captain marvel should smile mo--" pic.twitter.com/khmLDXjHQy
Fluffula you show what a faux feminist nerd you are and only interested in SJW politics. Alita is 300 years old and not a child. Go offline & support local businesses by going to a comicbook shop & buying all their Captain Marvel comicbooks because right now they ain't selling.
This weeks agenda: . Tuesday: . Midterm from 7-9 pm. .. Wednesday: . HW due 9:30 am. Midterm 12:30-2:00 pm. Lab 2:00-4:00 pm. Captain Marvel 8:41 pm. .. Thursday: . Midterm 6-8 pm. .. Saturday: . Midterm 3-5 pm. .. .. Looks like #CaptainMarvel is the only fun/break Im having this week
My flatmate: I dont like that captain marvels a girl
ya bitch seeing captain marvel this saturday on day two of the movies release
22. Captain Marvel. 
Having interesting characters you can relate to is great! That's why I love Rey and Captain Marvel. And Rose Tico.
i'm watching captain marvel tommorow can y'all believe
Avoiding Captain Marvel reviews, though word is great, aside from those shitstain gaters at Cosmic Shop News who desperately (and badly) translated a negative French review. Would vet the source, but fuck that. Sad misogynists desperate for relevance.
Captain marvel ?  gonna have to wait till glass is available for purchase at this point
u must be blind to not realize the only reason men dont like captain marvel is bc shes a woman & thats tea bc the movie hasnt even come out yet. stop defending these sexist assholes
Captain marvel isnt going to do good
Friend is paying my way for Captain marvel, next month tho i'm definitely seeing Hellboy, Pet semeatary, Shazam, and Avengers End game.
Ciara looking fabulous on the red carpet last night at the world premiere of Captain Marvel!  it takes a team!  @Ciarawilsonxopic.twitter.com/ZXVdWs3b8G
Invert this sentiment & little girls shouldn't be inspired by the likes of any male superhero. Gal Gadot was inclusive. Her Wonder Woman was for everyone. Boys did not have to be weak, for her to be strong.  Brie has made it clear this is not the case for her Captain Marvel. 
guys im omw to watch captain marvel
How I remember Captain Marvel.... 2019  Graphite and ink on paper. Characters property of respective owners.. #art #illustration #draw #drawing #sketch #graphite #pencil 
Brie Larson attending the Captain Marvel premiere in Los Angeles (March 4, 2019) pic.twitter.com/EaayYHwfXE
I bet Captain Marvel be the lowest Grossing marvel movie
I've said this before on a previous post regarding Captain Marvel, but it's so fun seeing these people who clearly have no idea what they're talking about act like they know everything that they're talking about
Also this presumes they don't plan to watch Captain Marvel, but if it does badly, watch Endgame.. Which, from what I recall from the Infinity War stinger...is kind of like skipping over Thor or Captain America or Iron Man for Avengers 1.. They're going to be so confused either way.
Just imagine you finally sitting through the credits of captain marvel and seeing the next thing leading to avengers endgame i just Ahhhhh
I always enjoy these, Da7e.....super stoked to catch Captain Marvel on Thursday!
Captain marvel is already out tho so
Crap I havent made plans to watch captain marvel so I guess everyone would have watched it by this Sunday so no captain marvel for me
Captain Marvel is so powerful she's able to change her colour from black to white. And then go on a speaking tour and lecture us about white privilege.
Ooof, these CAPTAIN MARVEL reviews are bumming me out. 
CAPTAIN MARVEL!!! 
So who gonna tell her they already cast Captain Marvel
Gonna look into Captain Marvel tickets for me and my mom tomorrow. pic.twitter.com/VIwtKkjnw4
Literally every fucking idiot that thinks theyre hot shit on the ukulele & plays at school will be at every captain marvel screening so have fun being surrounded by the absolute bottom of society
If you don't want to see Captain Marvel because we can... Well do the math.
Captain Marvel tickets for tomorrows date night at Studio Movie Grill
. "All the action from the Captain Marvel premiere in Los Angeles"  
Sophs coming to see Captain Marvel with me, I love her.
Captain Marvel is on the 8th. First person to dm me (gotta be in Atlanta) Ill pay for your ticket. Female or male.
cant wait to see how captain marvel saves the entire MCU !!!!!!
Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/ImkzJhuZSh
Applications are now open for a limited time! This might be your last chance to join before ECCC!  Also enter our giveaway pictured below for a free Target Captain Marvel Pop! . All you have to do is:. Follow @PopChefs.  Retweet .  Likepic.twitter.com/d33IN64clt
CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS SO FREAKING COOL. I can't wait for Endgame!!!
Well, I dont think you need to do that, because technically speaking, its true. For some weird reason any theater you look up for those specific days is only listing captain marvel. This is a very weird finding nonetheless
@captainmarvel Got my tickets booked and a brand new Captain Marvel leather jacket for the premier. Come thru
Hey @DDayCobra I can't confirm but it seems the Avengers was named after Captain Marvel because  it was her nickname as a pilot. Carol "Avenger" Danvers. Like Maverick and Goose in Top Gun. Fury changes the name that was originally The Protector Initiative. #RespectWamen
captain marvel (2019) dir. ryan fleck, anna boden pic.twitter.com/cH6DJwaAbb
why did i just tear up over a captain marvel trailer
CAPTAIN MARVEL EVERYWHERE  #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/CZYklWQCVT
That Captain Marvel is only playing. Real believable. Theaters can't do that
Captain Marvel has two hands
Just wondering..... What will the current Captain Marvel agenda groups do when it's no longer newsworthy?. I'm just calling out some of the silliness they are doing, and will be interested in what they will move on to.. Perhaps Infinity War?
Captain Marvel tickets have been purchased and Im so freaking excited to see this movie!!! pic.twitter.com/KYyJFfwTKa
Captain Marvel todaaaaaay!! AAAAAAAAA kasama please?
I heard that I'm probably gonna not see captain marvel bc it will probably trigger me and like... That sucks.
Better than captain marvel
siapa nak teman tengok captain marvel on 25th or 26th march pls i need a date
15 minutes until Captain Marvel starts. Cant wait!
Love the dress!  Be seeing Captain Marvel this Friday.  So excited!
Hi Brie,If Captain Marvel were in the real world, what would he change completely from him?. Argentina loves you. #CaptainMarvel
Ripley as another example barely gets out of the first movie alive but she learned from that experience so she could be a badass in Aliens. Characters like Rey and Captain Marvel don't have that progression.
captain marvel tomorrow pic.twitter.com/ljO3DlkBT4
One 12 Collective Captain Marvel available for pre order now at #.XHvkePBnP5g.twitter
Win tickets to see an advanced screening of Captain Marvel 
Got the end credits scene spoiled for Captain Marvel, theres two and I like them both! But I have one issue with one but its just a nit pick, thats a good sign
So what they do to Captain Marvel is really stupid
Next week, Captain Marvel
But the sexism Carol experiences in Captain Marvel is "unrealistic" and "straw man feminism" according to reviewers. 
I read the graphic novel life if captain marvel as a kid in the 90s.
'Captain Marvel' LA Premiere, check out the celeb red carpet looks: 
Okay so, this thing about cinemas removing/stopping showing any film that isn't Captain Marvel from the 8th, I thought it was butthurt incel propaganda, but it's a legit thing?? is this where we're at with corporation media now?? wtf
before yall watch captain marvel, jst gotta let yall kno that carol danvers is a huge ass lesbian
I really liked Captain Marvel!. It's cleverly constructed, the characters are well written, the action is pretty good, and it's fun! Oh and as the first female led Marvel movie (finally), I think it does its job (nay, duty!) really well.. Not the best Marvel movie, but a great one.
A lot of male critics loved Wonder Woman so what's the point being made here? I've seen it Captain Marvel  already I like it a lot. Better than Wonder Women which I thought was terrible. So what does that make me>
I cant believe I gave you toxic psychotic man babies any leeway  with Rey in Star Wars, you are all out of oyur goddamn mind with Captain Marvel... they aren't doing any SJW/PC pushes with any aspect of the character in any way shape or form that I can see what is wrong with you!
Shazam probably gon be better than captain marvel though
I preorder tickets all the time I was just getting Captain Marvel jokes off
Gotta watch Captain Marvel
My name is Livvy, Im from the US. I love and support Captain Marvel 
Captain Marvel full movie HD 1080p. Streamnow  New movie now available . #CaptainMarvel #CaptainMarvelMovie #Marvel pic.twitter.com/yeuOAunE6f
Makes sense. They want people spending their money on Captain Marvel for 3 - 4 weeks before buying Endgame presale tickets. Trailer & presale will drop simultaneously
Nah. He wants to project the inpression that people will hat Captain Marvel and that there was a glorious pre-SJW time where women were empowered with all that nasty feminism stuff.
Just for captain marvel tho
It's amazing that big, popcorn blockbuster fare like Black Panther and Captain Marvel can so terrify that weird subgroup of unpleasant white men. How fearful they must be of every moment of their lives.
It's because they're afraid of a strong female lead in an X-Men movie. . I mean it's not. The truth is the marketing for "Captain Marvel" & "Dark Phoenix" has been extremely poor, but THR & movie new sites don't want to admit it for CM.
Here's another pair of the OOAK Captain Marvel earrings we have on our site TODAY! And tomorrow we will have five ear cuffs and three bracelets! #captainmarvel #carolcorps #caroldanvers #cosplay #feministgeek #geekfashion #comicbooks #geekyfashion #marve 
Real things wrong with Captain Marvel:. -Marketing is all over the place. I have yet to grasp the tone of the movie. -It looks like Marvel's typical formulaic boring origin story. Fake things wrong with Captain Marvel:. -the anti-man SJW agenda
lol, i just found a tweet with pics that spoil captain marvel but dont at the same time
saw a tweet that said Captain Marvels bad reviews is b/c its men reviewing the movie????? bruh tons of men enjoyed Wonder Woman and thats the fukin tea pic.twitter.com/AfGmU8eZSl
I both really loved Captain Marvel and wholly agree with this sentiment. See my discomfort around the outsized praise for Ghostbusters and Jessica Jones.
They're trying way too hard to promote this Captain Marvel movie and I gotta admit, I'm not even excited for it.
@RottenTomatoes still cant comment on captain marvel smh
Captain Marvel Tamil HD Poster
They won't if captain Marvel fails. The truth about any company is they will virtue signal, but if their profits are on the line they will go against their beliefs to make a buck.
I bet the Captain Marvel takes have cooled dow...nvm pic.twitter.com/V6Tqy27Emw
Theyre going to to explain who captain marvel is in captain marvel lol otherwise she wouldnt have her own movie.
Captain Marvel comics reading order - 
theres..... mixed captain marvel reviews
Yes! The Days interpretation was most excellent.. As for Captain Marvel, was she really that big in the original cross overs?
I read somewhere that Goose asked for more cats to be included on his press tour. As a non-cat this makes me so angry I had to run to my keyboard and share another awesome Captain Marvel article #CaptainMarvel. 
You wont believe why this conservative columnist thinks Captain Marvel is unrealistic 
Madonna che bello Captain Marvel
@TiaCarrere This is the twentieth anniversary of "Relic Hunter" one of the greatest adventure shows on syndication. Looking forward to the premier of "Captain Marvel" this month.
Captain Marvel, the DC one.
Decades-old courtroom clash opened door for Marvel's 'Captain Marvel' movie 
What if Captain Marvel is ashes cause of the snap and we dont even know it?
How cute are these Captain Marvels
Reading Captain Marvel reviews is mostly making me want to watch Empire Records again instead.
Im still in shock over the fact that THIS Brie Larson is the same Brie Larson thats Captain Marvel. This used to be my jam. Like hardcore.. A legend. pic.twitter.com/cY8vgNBNsn
Captain Marvel (2019) pic.twitter.com/99iiv6TEsd
Captain Marvel coming out soon.. people gonna cry when they see Stan Lee. Even me too
Should I watch Captain Marvel tomorrow?
Captain Marvel goes higher, further, faster in its world premiere 
New 'Captain Marvel' adidas shoes are coming, designed by comic artist Jen Bartel 
Lmao it's the official Captain Marvel movie account
Just saw captain marvel spoiler Im mad but also happy about whos apparently in the movie
All the action from the Captain Marvel premiere in Los Angeles  
I was captain marvel. Jungkook was one of my coworkers.
I am not feeling the actress for Captain Marvel at all. It's like they literally just hired Beck from You to play Miss Marvel.
Ooh! I have the Captain Marvel Vans!
More photos...  Lee Pace attends Marvel Studios 'Captain Marvel' Premiere on March 04, 2019 in Hollywood, California. (Photos by Amy Sussman/Getty Images). #leepace #CaptainMarvel #Redcarpetpic.twitter.com/AMzRuisdZb
Captain Marvel??
ARE THREATENED MEN SHAKING BC CAPTAIN MARVEL WILL SOON BE OUT IN CINEMAS
So do not let all these men's review of Captain Marvel spoil it for you !!! you see all these movie reviews have a major flaw in them pic.twitter.com/VCAjCCcdFl
I am rating to go. 90s nostalgia and Captain Marvel here I come
I rated Captain Marvel(2019) 1/10. 
Wait, are people seriously angry that #CaptainMarvel in the movie is a woman, which is not faithful to the source material? Carols been Captain Marvel for 7 years now. If youre this angry, surely youve read comics in the last decade?
i told my brother we got tickets to watch captain marvel on his bday and he got so excited ;w;
New Captain Marvel poster! 
Man for people who claim to not be racists and claim to not hate people by the color of their skins lefties along with their cronies in hollywood and the media sure do love to hate people for having a white skin color. These Captain Marvel people proving the point.
Gemma Chan sees Captain Marvel and sci-fi genre as a door to diversifyingHollywood 
A few comic pick ups from @ComicsRebel . All from one trip, just hadn't been in for a couple of weeks. I've really been liking this design for Captain Marvel. .. .. .. #comics #variant #art 
Exactly right. I mean "Higher. Further. Faster" is literally the name for volume one of  @kellysue's fantastic Captain Marvel run. What's the big Iron Man story out there?" Remember that one time Tony got drunk?" 
Not saying this shouldn't be criticized, but if you're going to go after CAPTAIN MARVEL for being backed by the US Military (and having help from the Pentagon), you should also go after 50% of US-made action movies for doing similar practises.
I'm seeing captain marvel TOMORROW so that means you can enjoy the silence today because I won't shut up later
Im hearing bad things about Captain Marvel.. really hope they aint drop the ball right before Endgame
Ant-Man & the Wasp opened to $76m last year, with the Marvel Brand and being the first film released after Infinity War. A potential $150m opening for Captain Marvel is the desire for the character.
Premier night for Captain Marvel with the fam. For a movie set before most of the MCU movies, it ties up really well with the rest of the MCU. A must watch especially if youre a Marvel 
That's where my right to reserve things in that comic ends. I haven't seen wonder woman, haven't heard much. Same for captain marvel. Both well enough liked in their source materials, and if people like them in their movies, that's good. I might watch She-Ra, heard good things.
We may be gearing up to check out Captain Marvel tonight, but the original Captain Marvel (Yes, he was around first chronologically  ) has dropped a new trailer with a...
In the clip, she referenced A Wrinkle in Time. She never mentioned Captain Marvel.  Still, was a stupid thing to say for sure...
that never showed up, neither did Captain Marvel, target is officially a sham
Captain Marvel crashes into the MCU in one week! Have you got your tickets? Book now:  #CaptainMarvel 
2. Her comments on captain marvel press tour not being overly white males, again she had a point not being racist, heres brie explaining what she meant even though she shouldnt have had to pic.twitter.com/Qp0a8G3UW2
Marvel CM Captain Marvel shirt 
"tan'aw ta captain marvel ta" music to my ears ugh
nick fury in tws: last time i trust someone i lost an eye. me: damn who hurt you boo. nick fury in captain marvel: *lost eye*. me: damn boo you deserve it
This is definitely a day to remember. @ManUtd come from a 2 goal deficit to win 3-1 away in Paris and now I get to attend the Canadian Premiere of Captain Marvel. #blessed
Every time a dude whines about Captain Marvel we're promoting her another rank. She is currently a 2 Million Star General.
Wait.  That's literally EXACTLY what @brielarson freaking did! Is this just more moronic white dude backlash?. Honest answer?  Who gives a fek. I loved Captain Marvel in the comic books. I loved Captain Marvel in the cartoons. I will probably love Captain Marvel in the movies.
Will the character be called captain marvel in the movie or just shazam or both?
Hey, i watch your channel. I was talking about a stupid girl here calling us manbabies for being against the marketing of captain marvel. You are here proving with your channel that is not only men angry at the marketing. I'm also criticizing that this girl said that...
'CAPTAIN MARVEL' "Moment" TV Spot Released 
People are mad that Captain Marvel has a movie because... reasons that either make zero sense or change every 5 seconds.
If I see something and I like it but then I hear negative stuff after, it taints my view on it. Some films I hear negative stuff about before hand makes me not like it as much as think I would have. I'm terrified that it'll happen with Captain Marvel after all this shit on twittr pic.twitter.com/BuIc1zm5A1
Please don't. I don't need any praise for my allyship. I think you should be directing this at all the women who will be standing up for women everywhere by watching Captain Marvel this weekend.
CAPTAIN MARVEL reviewed by French publication. 1 star out of 4! . 
I'M WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL ON WEDNESDAY!!!!! pic.twitter.com/PRU3YdX4jD
Shazam looks mid but at least it looks better than captain marvel
Cant wait to see Captain Marvel later this week
Hello Anthony! The coins are available at our Captain Marvel Fan event at participating locations on March 7th. These are while supplies last! - Logan
I JUST WATCHED CAPTAIN MARVEL AND OMG IT'S SO GOOD, ONE OF THE BEST MARVEL MOVIES EVER
The captain Marvel trailer was awesome. I look forward to seeing the movie :)
My point is you're lying to yourself about that. I had a look at your profile and you're obsessed with Captain Marvel and Brie Larson. It's a film you haven't even seen. You have more of a problem than you admit. Look at you, demanding an education and calling women sexist.
Gonna rush to the nearest cinema on wed to watch Captain Marvel, midterms what?
IM WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL TODAY EXAMS WHOMST
Sounds like these people are wanting to see Alita again just to spite Captain Marvel. Their saying pretty much it's girl power done right in comparrison.
So, Fake Geek Boys are pointing out the flaws in Captain Marvel despite having not seen it yet... and they really want to be taken seriously.. The entitlement is unreal.. Anyway, the critics Im hearing that have actually seen the movie are giving it a great grade.
seeing captain marvel on thursday and im SO excited
Wife liked Captain Marvel better than Wonder Woman, saying WW had always been there, but CM was the first "new" female superhero (to mass media), which was more special.
y'all captain marvel haters can suckmyass
I will see Captain Marvel on Wednesday night, which is pretty early so a reminder for you all that I hate spoilers and wont post any, maybe just a spoilerfree review but nothing more!
Do I think Captain Marvel looks boring? Yes. Am I going to watch it because I don't want cis men to win? I sure the hell am. pic.twitter.com/M8IE6zURr4
I work at a target and we didn't get a single one of those Captain Marvels.
When you spend all week grinding for Units, absolutely ruin Captain Marvels Combat Clash, open your 6 Star Crystal and get Thor (Jane Foster) @MarvelChampions
Captain Marvel: Brie Larson discusses importance of female empowerment in newfilm 
Where is captain marvel non spoiler review
She was captain marvel before Carl Danvers, she is also known as  photon and she led the avengers and she was a black woman and this was a character back in the 80s. This is what Ive been told by comic book guys and she sounds more interesting to me. Kampala Kahn might happen!
CAPTAIN MARVEL IS AH MA ZINGGGGGGGGGGG
my tickets for captain marvel are: booked
"Captain Marvel" transcends film. It is not enough to call it the greatest film in history. Indeed, it is one of the greatest events in history.. See my dudes? This white male gets it. Hes woke. Its nothard. Try and be better, you pissbabies. . 
Captain Marvel may have been good. But they chose a hateful and bigoted Brie Larson for the character. The fans arent the ones who are sexist, it's the actress who is.
Theres Captain Marvel spoilers floating around, so be very careful everyone. . Dont let anyone ruin anything for you.
What does Captain Marvel have to do with Man of Steel and Superman Returns....or DC for that matter 
since issa officially Women's History Month, if a man tries me about anything, especially Captain Marvel and my reproductive rights, I'm fucking shit up I don't care anymore
Captain Marvel movie review: Ahead of Avengers: Endgame, MCU unleashes its most powerful 
MY FRIENDS AND I ARE SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL ON THURSDAY I'M SCREAMING
Captain Marvel bout to be so fire
The pressure on Captain Marvel is overwhelming  and it always has been pic.twitter.com/AHvmqNBI3U
ohh heree we go againn ,, jom jom captain marvel , dont ruin it
They better be scary! Theres also captain marvel comes out this weekend. avengers & spider man come out this year too
captain marvel comes out in one week
I'm not really interested in Captain Marvel, or super hero movies in general
Captain marvel tomorrow night. pic.twitter.com/L6r8SCPuIq
#Win a Funko Shop Exclusive Captain Marvel Dorbz 3-Pack bundle! #CaptainMarvel #FunkoWomenOfPower @DwilightF66 @JohnnieBowers47pic.twitter.com/ACOYDwtHlh
That is because Alita is already released and Captain Marvel isn't. You can only add the "want to see" to movies not released.
March 7th - Captain Marvel. March 28th - Opening Day. April 14th - Game of Thrones season 8 premiere . April 26th - Endgame. These next couple of month are gonna be lit
We just aren't Captain Marvel fans sadly....we just want the Skrulls
Any folks gathering going to see CAPTAIN MARVEL this weekend?
She wasn't talking about "Captain Marvel," but rather "A Wrinkle in Time," which I guess wasn't made for just about everyone judging by how it did at the box office.
The Captain Marvel add for Arie, be proud or whatever bs, I dont need an underwear company telling me to be happy in my skin, that comes from within. No male underwear company tells men to be happy with their bodies.
I don't know enough about She-Ra to comment on it one way or the other. As for Captain Marvel, the trailer I saw looks good. It might be good. It might not. Have to wait and see.
Dude how am I supposed to survive until April with all these question about Got AND the upcoming question about Endgame after I see Captain Marvel on Thursday holy shit
I got my tickets to captain marvel. I got my girlfriend watching Naruto. And she was just introduced to Kakashi. pic.twitter.com/T95gVXFnrB
Anyone that shits on Brie Larson or Captain Marvel is no man in my opinion.
Movie review: Like its title character, Captain Marvel gets the job done. 
We are sharing our Marvel's Captain Marvel Review! #CaptainMarvel coes out this weekend. @captainmarvel #disneypartner.  via @CoralieSeright
Just picked up this awesome Pop!. @OriginalFunko Just waiting for my local store to hopefully get in the chase edition of the new captain marvel pops!  #FingersCrossedpic.twitter.com/HE7NMuOWbR
It just hit me, this is the week captain marvel is out. One step closer to endgame!
I was lowkey spoiled earlier because a dumb dumb dudebro tweeted a link to the Captain Marvel end credit scene so I said f*ck and decided to look at it. I AM SCREAMING! YASSSSSS
12 Movies To See In March: Us, Captain Marvel, & More 
Can we all pray that captain marvel is busy so then I actually get hours and work and can sort out my financial situation...
Spider-Man is dead, its Captain Marvels era now
So Captain Marvel sucks.....imagine my shock lmaooo
Don't forget to preorder your tickets for Captain Marvel this weekend!. Tickets will sell out fast, so make sure to get your spot!. View show times:  Preorder tickets: 
Conservatives shouldnt give into what leftists want. Captain Marvel could be an awesome movie and they dont us to get see it because they dont want us to laugh at them when they are put in their place by it not being the sjw manifest they expect it to be
Film Review: 'Captain Marvel' 
I definitely have to go and watch Captain Marvel now ^^
im probably staying off of twitter until i see captain marvel tomorrow i havent seen spoilers yet bUT IM NOT RISKING ANYTHING
Captain Marvel meets some of the highest expectations yet for a Marvel movie 
after you guys watch captain marvel, you can dm me to talk about it
The latest from Marvel is a fun movie worth your time.  'Captain Marvel' is a fun origin movie filled with 90s nostalgia, but it has flaws 
"Are you going to see Captain Marvel?". "Nah I already saw the first one.". "Iron Man?". "Yeah."
5 comics you should read if you're excited about 'Captain Marvel'. 
Though I have some mixed opinions about some aspects of it (namely Yon-Rogg and the rest of his team being kind of a disappointment) but Captain Marvel was pretty dope.
Captain Marvel in 5 days!
Goose the cat at the Captain Marvel premiere is the most magical thing we've seen today. Give this cat an Oscar! 
I really liked Alita, and I was pretty hyped for Captain Marvel,but this outrage war is killing it for me! Cuz on the real it's the stupidest one yet I don't think what she said was mean or bad I think people just want to cry about everything and it's ruining nerd life!
every new hard quest that comes along, I hear"I just used sparky" act 5, captain marvel, variant chapter 2. it must be great having the modern form of the pre 12.0 scarlet witch. @MarvelChampions maybe a quest where having sparky doesn't determine who gets to save units
This weekend, millions of ppl across the country will force themselves to go to the movies and see Captain Marvel...I am one of those ppl
This is the Starter Collection. Sowhich Volume 1 should I buy?! Navigating Marvels digital CAPTAIN MARVEL sale 
how about you put the actual captain marvel on your poster for fvcking captain marvel pic.twitter.com/WoIuisicYj
I made this same comment a few times today. They completely missed this quote from her while trying to torpedo Captain Marvel with another movie. Classic right wing self-own.
Credit to @lux_steez : Ms Marvel . Sorry for the wait! Heres my Ms Marvel cosplay I finished! Fitting since Captain Marvel is 6 days away! Whos going to see it?!. Costume made by me. CPA   pic.twitter.com/NdORQTkVmE
Move aside Captain Marvel, the REAL CAPTAIN is here . @AidanRGallagherpic.twitter.com/MctSsNCqi6
Bri larson a white woman is telling whites that she wants more diversity and that hollywood doesnt need more white men in film and hollywood is gagging lmaoooo I want her to prosper sis Ill be seeing captain marvel
Me: I can't wait to see Captain Marvel!. Friend: Yeah, @brielarson is going to be gr.... Me: No, the REAL Captain Marvel! . *Suddenly a lightning bolt and @ZacharyLevi appears*. Me: Bingo!. #CaptainMarvel #Shazam #BothAreGoingToBeGreat
Captain marvel #Guessthemovie
This is what is happening.  The marketing budget for Captain Marvel has to be $200m already, they are BLOCKING any other movie from playing. It will still not do great.  I hate Disney now. 
The dream of the 90s is alive in the underwhelming Captain Marvel 
Gonna be there this week for Captain marvel too
so we get two of us and then a day later captain marvel,, we're being blessed
And the clash between Captain Marvels gets interesting!
I think captain marvel is gonna dominate the box office in March there nothing else coming out
We didn't cry for this fraud of a Person. I cried for @AlitaMovie because she suffered horribly and was very likeable. Captain Marvel is horrible and does suffer from not being likeable. . You don't cry because a Sexist hates you. You slap his face and move on.
lol Real Reviewer of StayFree Opus "Captain Marvel".  pic.twitter.com/OwkRscwJ0y
In honor of my love for CAPTAIN MARVEL and especially @brielarson, I'm sharing this tweet from almost 4 years ago that was "liked" by the leading lady herself. Keep on slaying, Brie 
Most of the Captain Marvel conversation seems to imply that there can only be ONE female superhero, ONE female sci-fi movie, ONE female lead. . Who cares about Alita? How are the two movies related at all? Why is seeing one a slight at the other?
Ah nah, it was definitely way more complex ethically than, say, the first Captain America, which is what Captain Marvel is going to be akin to.
hello, i wrote about the captain marvel 
The real captain marvel
You may not get a chance after this weekend!  Captain Marvel arrives and from what I hear, it will replace Alita.. Go see #AlitaBattleAngel! Join the Angels Army! 
finally caught up with all marvel movies Im so ready for Captain Marvel next week now
when can we switch from Captain Marvel to this cutie?!?
Dear god, games on sale are gonna make me broke at thie rate. Watch Dogs 2 for $9, Forgotten Anne for $12 and Dragon Quest 11 for $30. This AS WELL and DMC 5 coming out Friday, me going to my first comedy club Saturday, and going to see Captain Marvel next Monday. #GodHelpMe
@4eyedRaven @Mister_BatfIeck can you guys PLEASE find me the video of Captain Marvel with awful cgi falling and lighting up her eyes? PLEASE! Trying to prove a point
Supergirl then.  It's on TV now.   And she has essentially the same powers as Captain Marvel.. What now?
Captain Marvel ticket secured.
Yall niggas ready for Captain Marvel to be trash?
I just realized, with Dissenter, you can comment on product websites. My son looked up to see what comments are on Amazon.... Go read a few. Captain Marvel, anyone? 
For things I'm familiar with, I go and see it depending on if I liked the original work. I'll go see a Spider-Man movie regardless of any trailer, for example. But for things I'm unfamiliar with, I gotta rely on the trailers at least a little. That said, Captain Marvel looks bad
i remember watching captain marvel and wondering if i was a lesbian i-
It would be cool if a certain X-Men named Rogue, showed up in a Captain Marvel film.... She doesn't even have to be named. We'd know it's her just by the hair. . #CaptainMarvel #xmen
So you went to watch a movie just to stare at kids? And you gonna do the same for Captain Marvel? This really aint it, dog. pic.twitter.com/S0u38rCV32
Nobody's saying "you already got Wonder Woman", they're saying "you do know there's other female leads that came before Captain Marvel, and she's not the first woman to have a strong role, right?". Really tired of people making it about gender when it's about faux outcry. 
Luke did have to train to learn to use his natural gifts well. Rey got the force used on her 2x and was able to bounce it back on Emo Ren. That's the Mary Sue aspect.. I'm looking forward to Captain Marvel. . Oh and "Long Kiss Goodnight" was a great action film with a female lead.
Mine too.  A shitload of movies on Wednesday then from thursday to Tuesday nothing but captain marvel.  Wednesday gets you ONE additional movie then a few more trickle in.  Bye bye LEGO movie!
Lmafo who tf wanna watch captain marvel? We wanna see Thanos Mayweather smoke some Avengers Pack again .
Yo misogynistic dick-for-brains...  **Editors Note: The headline of this piece originally stated that all of Captain Marvels negative reviews were written by men, which was true of the reviews available on Rotten Tomatoes at the time.**. #AlwaysReadThearticleFirst
This Kris Jenner Captain Marvel Mash-Up Ad Is One Of The Weirdest Things We've Seen #vegaspic.twitter.com/RSWhXK4Bkp
PSA:. Stop using #AlitaBattleAngel as an excuse to shit on #CaptainMarvel.. There is enough room in cinema for both movies to exist at the same time.. For that matter stop using any other movie with a female protagonist to shit on "Captain Marvel." pic.twitter.com/dDMRzOGyV9
I'm freaking dying for Captain Marvel to come out. My  favorite character in all of Marvel. Of course THE mightiest Avenger would be woman. I can't believe these d-bags are crying about this.
I'm not sure if it's this but there's a Thunderbird flyover for Captain Marvel. So stupid.
As a woman, I'm not even slightly excited about the Captain Marvel movie or the pro-girl narrative and advertising surrounding it. Even less so with all the nontroversy and butthurt gatekeeping that never fails to rear their ugly heads in this new minority-led boom in movies.
THE FEELS FROM THIS CLIP! . Captain Marvel kicks off at Event Cinemas with our ADVANCE screenings from MARCH 6! Don't miss out! Secure your seat NOW!.  
#NowWatching Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/mDBoPJ9hmj
already not liking captain marvel before youve even seen it isnt a personality trait fellas
and like...just because captain marvel is a woman and will lead a movie it doesnt mean it will highly discuss feminism...
Captain Marvel ticket for Thursday night acquired. Solo viewing before taking the family on Sunday.
Captain marvel dong
Loved Captian Marvel as a kid... !!!. Im pretty excited to see a female Captain Marvel, it will be fun to see.. Its just a movie!! And a Comic book before that!. I know Hollywood is Evil and uses social issues in movies to sell tickets but why cant it just be entertaining . JS : )
Also at the end of the day Captain Marvel could crush Captain Americas bead between her thighs like a watermelon and thats that on that.
Feeling much more optimistic about March now that I've realized I have tickets to see Captain Marvel, Fleabag, and My Fair Lady this month. pic.twitter.com/3PWhHseN7T
@captainmarvel so what you're saying is, captain marvel continues her attacks against men:. 
Here's a take on Captain Marvel:. It's probably going to seem underwhelming, considering how close to Endgame that it is coming into theatres.. That being said, it should still be a good installment. Just like Black Panther was last year.
Here's some late night honesty: I love the Marvel Cinematic Universe but I have zero interest in seeing Captain Marvel.. None of the film's commercials have that hook that I think will draw in the casual viewer. Even Sam Jackson's Nick Fury may not be enough.
Yall captain marvel was so fucking good
Oh shit. Im seeing Captain Marvel Thursday. I completely forgot it came out so soon. Are you guys excited? pic.twitter.com/hGW4op1mYv
The first 2 prints Ive printed from @wekster2507. Tons more to be printed, you can get the STL files from his Patreon (Wekster).. Jokerbatman. @3DSolutech Apple Green. Prusa MK2S-MMU1 @ 0.15mm layers. Captain Marvel. Ziro 3D filament Z-Marble. Ender 3 @ 0.12mm layers. #Shurdle3Dpic.twitter.com/lTSeCgnejU
Captain Marvel tickets acquired!
I wanna see Captain Marvel
Ive been a huge Carol Danvers fan for years now and i just dont get the anger.  The original captain marvel was a last minute creation to steal a name from DC who was killed off in the comics 37 years ago.  Carol has been a relevant character continuously since her creation.
Brie Larsen did intense physical training for more than 9 months to get ready for her role in Captain Marvel which comes out this weekend. Check out some of the things she was doing with her Personal Trainer to the stars Jason Walsh! 
captain marvel on friday night,,,robyn on saturday night. -- whoever sees me on sunday..just know that i am going to be FULLY CHARGED.
"Kicks ass" or "disappointing"? Read the mixed Captain Marvel reviews  
I bought captain marvel ticket for next week so I have reasons to go back home on next weekend but then I have a program on saturday which means I must go back to UiTM on friday cause the program start early on saturday's morning
@DeathAndPraxis @653toMidnight @Grateful42069 . When y'all going to see Captain Marvel
I get it, they were making comments about why a white woman was interviewing Brie. Basically because Brie asked for some diversity in her interviews for Captain Marvel, since generally they are white men. She wasnt saying no white men, but thats how some people have taken it.
Captain Marvel
Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel and Storm. . the leading ladies of the 3 biggest superhero groups of comics.
me: no I hate generalizing all men and saying all men are trash not all men are bad . a man: talks shit about captain marvel. me: men are a disease
Critics applaud Captain Marvel's heroes but not its formulaic approach 
Idk man Captain Marvel seems pretty gay
Captain Marvel on Friday
So @kellysue when I see elbow much people love your run of Captain Marvel no one mentions they love that she is a Star Wars geek. . I love that she is a Star Wars geek
@masters1337 this the problem I have with Captain Marvel, and I believe these people are heavily influenced by Brie's statements.. The reason being that I personally NEVER saw anything like this when Wonder Woman came out, there might've been but definitely very little
Is Captain Marvel Libertarian?
yo we leave for tour soon and thats pretty cool i guess but captain marvel comes out this weekend and idk who im gonna see it with. shit Im tweeting from the band account, oh well. wussup yall
#IgnitionDRIVE Captain marvel (carol denvers) superhuman strength speed endurance and stamina, energy projection and absorption, flight
Welcome March! Cant wait for Captain Marvel
captain marvel will be release soon, what do you think?
The incels win again. They must be tired of all the winning. $125 million-plus opening weekend for Captain Marvel = total and complete failure. No sequels. Rejection of strong women as superhero. . 
hello i'm going ia until after i see captain marvel because y'all don't know how to act right... so i leave you with one of my favourite photos of tom hiddleston. see y'all on the flip side  pic.twitter.com/dxf7XjwB1D
lets go watch captain marvel together on international womens day pic.twitter.com/6Zrnb5DE0V
Taking Captain Marvel off my list. pic.twitter.com/ezXpOTDwUs
Captain Marvel
So looking forward to seeing Captain Marvel!
Captain Marvel was pretty okay
I'm so excited for captain marvel eeee
Okay, its so hypocritical of you guys, when people hate on Captain Marvel y'all say its amazing, its empowering before anyone has seen it, why not give Dark Pheonix a chance, lets watch and then criticize!
Captain Marvel was amazing!
Critics applaud Captain Marvel's heroes but not its formulaic approach pic.twitter.com/MOASZulGQN
Captain marvel a release Thursday ypree???
Your life began, the day it nearly ended.  Another screencap study for the Countdown to Captain Marvel!! Who else is excited to see her on big screens for the first time this week?! #CaptainMarvel #HigherFurtherFaster @brielarson @captainmarvel @CaptMarvelNewspic.twitter.com/9a0kEyrKCk
#AlitaBattleAngel got no help from the shill, gatekeeping critics. They kept the score rotten and websites attacked Alita from every angle. It could have been a huge success if all the WOKE people who CLAIM to support female leads supported Alita like they do Captain Marvel.
I'm going to see Captain Marvel. But I'm going to pay for a ticket to Alita.
showing na captain marvel bukas arGgg
rosa diaz and captain marvel would get along well
Brie Larson reveals she didn't even tell her MUM she'd got the role of Captain Marvel out of fear
EVENT TIME AT ATOMIC!!!. We're celebrating the big screen debut of CAPTAIN MARVEL all day long,  Saturday, March 9th! We'll have... * FREE CAPTAIN MARVEL COMIC FOR EVERYONE . * MARVEL DISCOUNTS & SPECIALS. * FREE... 
captain marvel is getting the same kind of reviews as infinity war.
still a white male,,, watch captain marvel in theaters march 8th
If you like Wonder Woman but hate Captain Marvel you have a no rights and have lost your superhero movie watching privileges
twitter and brie have really convinced me to watch captain marvel huh. i hope i dont have to have watched any other marvel films because ive only seen one and it was black panther (twitter made me watch that one too) (i rlly liked it)
I didn't put it up as "look! It's a good movie guys!" I put it up because of the idiotic idea that people aren't liking Captain Marvel because of the protagonist being female.
Cut off my pull list to support true #indiecomics on IGG but that hasn't stopped me from coppin' this #CaptainMarvel beauty. If @Marvel wasn't about tokenism & gimmicked diversity, Monica could've been THE choice for a cinematic Captain Marvel. Imagine that organically done. pic.twitter.com/DIEAKNbgPg
Captain Marvel in 15 minutes
Are you excited for Captain Marvel coming out later this week?  Yes! Im going watch it this weekend! 
Mom's birthday month AND Captain Marvel month. March is blessed
Incoming petition for a Captain Marvel anime (for the waifu's of course) in 3......2......1.
Likewise, fans of Captain Marvel don't want to be preached to. If Brie hadn't made a big deal preaching her woke gospel, no one would have cared, even though everyone would have known she's a religious progressive socialist. Fans just want to see Captain Marvel & be entertained.
Right on. For me, my knowledge of Captain Marvel went as far as knowing that Rogue absorbed the living daylights out of her in the comics.  The movie... When she was flying in space... That was kind of cool.
I wish Black Widow could become the new leader of the Avengers. She's been there the whole time. She got VETERAN status son. Who the fuck is this captain marvel? Just as boring on screen as she is on the comic book page, with every bit the sense of entitlement and self-importance
LRT. There ain't a single cinema in the world (that I've seen) that shows anything BUT Captain Marvel in the 08-10th March frame. Some say it's typical for cinemas to update their list of screenings on Wednesdays, but I ain't exactly buying that being a global phenomenon
But if we have to choose in terms of what marvel movies are in par with the Batman trilogy in the sense of how much I liked them: . Iron Man 3, Captain Marvel, CA: winter soldier
remember two whole years ago when brie complained about a tsa agent who made her uncomfortable and THIS is the way men reacted? the captain marvel movie is an excuse, yall have always been trash pic.twitter.com/IA1nQLAHAV
Oh man! Hope they come in my size unlike the Captain Marvel vans.
Ans: A. Beginning . Comic Book Edition 31: Captain Marvel #31 - The Beginning of the End (Issue) ). #ContestAlert #TheForumMallKoramangala. @NishantJain_88. @bold_kitten. @InvisibleIndra. @CAMohdJavedKhan. @dantus75
I think I deserve to watch captain marvel this weekend
5 DAYS LEFT UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL. 5 DAYS LEFT UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL. 5 DAYS LEFT UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL. 5 DAYS LEFT UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL. 5 DAYS LEFT UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL. 5 DAYS LEFT UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL. 5 DAYS LEFT UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL. 5 DAYS LEFT UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL. #CaptainMarvel
CAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIERE THIS FRIDAY LETS GOOOOOOOOO
this is what you should be criticizing captain marvel for 
Captain Marvel should be listed as comedy movie LOL Samuel L Jackson's comedy on fire
U. S. Air Force Thunderbirds fly over Hollywood for Captain Marvel premiere. pic.twitter.com/uCpkO3HNWQ
Dude, you barged into a room where adults are talking and spouting crap like a toddler throwing a temper tantrum. Prove that anyone was hired specifically to cover Captain Marvel, first.
Early concept art for Captain Marvel
Finally got tickets for Captain Marvel!!!!! Gonna see it Saturday with my sister  so stoked!!!! #HERo
Ok it's only a 4 day work week and I have Captain Marvel on Thursday night.
Captain Marvel release date is on the 8th. . Brie Larson doesnt want white men to see the film, so we wont. Lets prove once and for all that if you #GetWokeGoBroke. . Spread the #BoycottCaptainMarvel
CAPTAIN MARVEL SUEEEEE. 
I really dont get it.... Wonder Woman and Black Panther did great because they were good movies. They didnt have to worry about their message because the film makers and actors knew they had a good movie. But even before Captain Marvel came out they knew they had a last Jedi.
Lemme tell you Captain Marvel is worth seeing! #CaptainMarvel
Does anyone wanna watch captain marvel with me?
Now is when you decide to give them Captain Marvel?
good advice, i wont be seeing the film so i can avoid any of YOUR toxicity and that of those like urself. I'll go see the true Captain Marvel & not some pandering film that was only made for political reasons
One time a random lady at a store stepped in front of me and started screaming, "Shazam!" repeatedly. We eventually worked out that she had mistaken my Flash t-shirt for Captain Marvel (as he was then known).
I mean??? She literally wont care??? She really, really wont care if white men go and see Alita instead of Captain Marvel??? I dont get his point honestly
March this year is about txt's debut and captain marvel, that's it tbh
Captain Marvel- my favourite Marvel character period 
Posted @withrepost  @agamdadam Google: how to kill Captain Marvel . .. .. Toys EAA by @beast_kingdom .. .. Behind the scene bisa cek di YouTube Channel @frans_sanjaya ya gengs! . .. .. #marvelID #agamdadam #2019FotoMainan #thanos #EndGame. @joshbrolin @vancityreynolds @robliefepic.twitter.com/QvohUtLMrh
I wasn't going to go see Captain Marvel. . I'm mad at Marvel for a variety of reasons and don't feel like giving them my money (we're tight lately, partner's business is down).. But with all the whiney men bitching about it, I just might go after all.
Might have to catch Captain Marvel tomorrow
who wants to go see captain marvel with me my dad says he doesnt care for captain marvel
Captain marvel tickets anyone?
So I guess Endgame Trailer 2 is coming in between 15th and 21st because captain marvel is releasing on 15th in japan...so its coming after that
YA GIRL IS SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL IN TWENTY FIVE HOURS YESSSS
Marvel Legends 6" Captain Marvel Wave 1 Kree Sentry BAF Series Set of 7~NEW 
Ive been wanting to book for captain marvel for the 11th but only goes up till 10th. I was able to book month in advance for infinity war???
Did I just stop by Box Lunch and spend too much money right before vacation on a Captain Marvel shirt so I can wear it when we visit NASA? . Yes. I did. pic.twitter.com/OgloSmhi8B
These Captain Marvel spoilers are getting out of hand, time to hop off Twitter. pic.twitter.com/jyKoESjbza
Im excited for Captain Marvel Friday!
Dr. Strange brought a very unique world and perspective to a film universe that was growing a bit predictable at the time. I'm hoping Captain Marvel can bring something that impresses me on that level, but I'm not sure it has that with what I'm seeing. Fingers crossed it does. pic.twitter.com/qvgAmVWN9N
Brie Larson has been low key cosplaying Captain Marvel with each of her premiere looks and I am HERE FOR IT! #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/2YWaBdMEOl
anyways i cant wait to watch captain marvel 
Check it out! I donated to '1,000 Tickets for Captain Marvel!' -   via @gofundme
Captain Marvel 4/5 pic.twitter.com/YoTLtZYQkO
"Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car"  
sorry to be horny on the timeline but I cant wait for captain marvel
There's no way it could never be not seen as political. Brie Larson has always been outspoken on feminism and me too. Couple that with who the current president is, it was going to be a shitstorm. And people did like Brie Larson as Captain Marvel when Obama was president.
Review: Captain Marvel gets an average introduction 
Film bros REALLY act like every tweet some 40 year old makes about not really liking movies but enjoying captain marvel/spider-verse/the current big movie is an attack on cinema as a whole lol
NEW VIDEO :: Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Ming-Na Wen and Jeff Ward at the Captain Marvel Premiere 
im reading the life of captain marvel and oh my god i love carol so much
IM WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL IN 23 HOURS OMG
listen im just ready to defend her and captain marvel bc of the sexist backlash shes been getting since she was casted lol
showing na captain marvel mamaya
any muties livestreaming the Captain Marvel premiere or is it just me???
I don't have an LT, but.... Spider-Man reminds me that if you have the power to do something good, you're supposed to do it.. Superman teaches me, constantly, the importance of restraint and control over oneself.. "Shazam" Captain Marvel teaches me to be idealistic.. And Thor... pic.twitter.com/cidQ7YZyxQ
The March 7th Open Caption showing of Captain Marvel at Violet Crown Santa Fe has sold out.  Another open caption showing has been added Sunday, March 10 at 2:10 pm. Buy a ticket online!... 
the captain marvel presale tickets just dropped your girl is shook
Daaahhh !! Jgn dok ws aku tnya best ka tak best movie Captain Marvel.. Ive done my review, here and in ig. Now leave me alone...
Been inspired by Captain Marvel lately. Loved the life of captain Marvel series n loving the regular Captain Marvel that started a couple months ago.. #HigherFurtherFasterpic.twitter.com/LKXCG5Z1eZ
Wait a minute , captain marvel was a dude on the comics? Why tf is he being played by a woman?
Marvel needs to stop. Seriously. They aren't helping Captain Marvel's cause.
"Positive" reviews :v. The girl power (and grrl power) ring out loud and clear, if a bit hollow.. It is such a shame this film isn't a little better. . "Captain Marvel" ultimately feels more obligatory than inspired, a movie that basically gets the job done and little more.
literally who the fuck would be mad about captain marvel herself or a little girl dressing as captain marvel?. the only problem anyone has is that brie larson is sexist and racist. no one was mad about wonder woman. no one was mad about atomic blonde. no one was mad about alita.
'Captain Marvel': Stars of the superhero film hit the red carpet in LA  @tessanetting @BrizzyVoices
Who would you cast as Moonstone in Captain Marvel 2?
How Brie Larson's unfortunate allergy made things difficult on Captain Marvel's set.. 
@IndiaCinepolis when is the booking for captain marvel opening for Prestige  Shantiniketan, Whitefield, Bangalore?
I'm hoping to see Captain Marvel this weekend but I have other engagements with work and filming.. However, if it's as 90s as people are saying... I'm going to really like this one.
They're not in the club, not in uniform, at the "back of the bus"...plus look at the badge. Some are security for The invincible Captain Marvel.
And too add to that, wasn't Captain Marvel created by two white men? Isn't the film also being produced by a white man? Truly ironic.
Before anyone gets their panties in a twist and doesn't even understand my point. I am NOT saying Captain Marvel (Carol Danvers) is a gender swapped version of Mar-Vell. I am saying that I KNOW that in the movie Mar-Vell appears and he is now a she!
Serious note-Im excited for Captain Marvel despite all you soft ass sissies trying to ruin it.  Im also patiently waiting on Hellboy, Shazam and Avengers: Endgame.  Thats DC and Marvel with a dash of Dark Horse.  Im a superhero fan, I got no time to be hating. #Truth
Captain marvel Captain America. -military                     -military. -super abilities         -super abilities.   (Kree DNA)                   (Serum). -badass suit              -badass suit. -female                      -male. Just go see captain marvel you lazy fucks
She is the REAL Captain Marvel. 
Captain Marvel tmr
.@OriginalFunko being out there creating funko for the cat in Captain Marvel. But where are our Shadowhunters funko that we asked like a year or two ago??? pic.twitter.com/H1JR2oG7nB
Also cause they can bank on those two movies being good and having a large fan backing whereas Captain Marvel being a prequel kinda movie that doesn't contribute to the mainline also the directors are relatively untested coming into this and maybe marvel are hesitant now
When you are trying to get to the Thursday night premiere of Captain Marvel, and you get stuck in serious traffic due to going up to a thousand red lights. And at this point, you wish Mario Kart items were real so you can throw a blue shell at the first Ferrari you see. pic.twitter.com/ENy5U5HLfH
Captain Marvels. @ March 6  wanna go with me?
Anyway... go see captain marvel on March 9th  pic.twitter.com/qM0Cb9Vjwf
Latest clicks of #Tamannaah, from Captain Marvel promotions
Im more confused by the fact the same people bitching about Captain Marvel are also the ones demanding a Black Widow movie... They know black widows a woman too right?
As the offices comic guy, Ive had to explain the whole Captain Marvel trademark thing a few times  to coworkers leading up to the movies this year. 
The fact that Internet keyboard warriors/incels/scumbags went out of their way to give Captain Marvel rotten scores even before its release is going to make every viewing all the more enjoyable #higherfasterfurther
Thought the Captain Marvel embargo lifts on Tuesday?
my friend who said shed see captain marvel tm with me wont text me back when I ask her what time and its stressing me out why cant people just make making plans easy for me
captain marvel 
I don't give a rats ass about captain marvel, disney, or seeing the racist crap that is being spewed with the SJW sht that is being done to our, movies, music, comics and books... THE PROPAGANDA IS EVERYWHERE!!!. WAKE UP!!!
@WillieGeist will Brue Larson interview be a puff piece or will U discuss Captain Marvel/Rotten Tomatoes & other controversies 
Everyone on my tl: OMG CAPTAIN MARVEL IS SO AMAZING. THE POWER OF BRIE.. Me, sitting alone in a room, procrastinating instead of studying for my math exam tomorrow: hmm.. dont spoil?
Get to know #GooseTheCat before you see Captain Marvel!. 
US...most def. I ddnt say Captain Marvel, sue me... 
Do you have a good example of the misogyny? Even an article that talks about such examples. Obviously I don't doubt that this is an issue but I haven't seen too much hype of any kind about Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel Review I read online:. Captain Marvel's biggest flaw is that it plays without ambition, never deviating from the Marvel master mold. (1/2)
Captain Marvel comes out this week pic.twitter.com/2Ni9bvLrLe
March 8th... Captain Marvel.. Is that ASD cinema going to show it or do we have to start planning a trip to Abuja?
regardless of what critics are saying about captain marvel im excited for it and cannot wait to see it
Bollocks! Every theater within an 80 kilometer radius is showing Captain Marvel and nothing else. What was it called when an authoritarian regime forces its will onto unwilling citizens? Oh. Right. Fascism. But Im sure Antifa will fix this. They should be along any second now. pic.twitter.com/wSlp7CA50b
sorry to scare everyone but, you know, captain marvel
im omw to see captain marvel!
Back to the badly drawn horse avatar, I think too many people thought I was one of the weird Captain Marvel fanatics
Fans of comics are from every stripe and as Carol is a pilot she should know it's more about you know the abilities of the person than who they look like or what's in between their legs, like the character did for 30 years before her stint as captain marvel.
- 6 Mars 2019 -. Captain Marvel, film pic.twitter.com/rSoQHc49O2
Ghostbusters 2016 was dogshit.  . No one has a problem with Rey as a woman its her character. No one was upset with Wonder Woman before it released so why lie?. People had a problem with the animation of She Ra (I personally don't give a fuck). Captain Marvel well we'll see wont we
How dare work try some bs like this during Captain Marvel week pic.twitter.com/wahQ5LaydN
Im dreading the Captain Marvel tweets from white male critics comparing it to other films outside the genre w a female lead bc yeknow they cant just critique the film at hand
Meet Goose the cat, the four-legged star of 'Captain Marvel' 
Im 100% sure that I became obsessed with Captain Marvel because of you hahahaha
Are people really mad about Captain Marvel being a woman? If so, why?
Marvel Studios, I refuse to support a movie and actress attempting to shove feminism down my throat. What R U thinking using a SJW feminist actiivst in the lead roll? Captain Marvel will flop at the box office! I will NOT watch it!!!
Reviews are breaking.  Seems like Captain Marvel reviews are positive but not effusive.
Captain Marvel screening! @captainmarvelofficial In theaters everywhere on Friday! pic.twitter.com/9fPrjAGX3f
Tara nood captain marvel
Okay I wanna be Captain Marvel when I grow up #shearealbadass
Aww it looks like someone is obsessed with Captain Marvel  Its so cute
are you gonna see captain marvel
Captain Marvel filming generates $427K in FresnoCounty 
Me after seeing Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/cT7so1NTPz
Are the same guys who grew up obsessed with Lynda Carter and Julie Newman the same ones complaining and crying about Captain Marvel?
AHHHHH!!!!! Im so excited for captain marvel I really hope I get to see it froday pic.twitter.com/JMYfSKDUKT
Captain Marvel
Before you head out to see the film, catch up on some of the lore behind Captain Marvel  
Starting this Friday is Marvel Studios' CAPTAIN MARVEL !!!. Tickets will go on sale later today.. For show times and to prepurchase tickets go to our website at  
I only preorder good quality games on PC I wouldn't normally do but DMC5 I couldn't let it since I played DMC 1, 3 and 4 and I enjoyed them alot. Me and my friends normally should've gone to Captain Marvel but NOPE Avengers Endgame Let's go and I can eat before fasting.
Captain Marvel is a villain Gym Trainer, and this brief ingress tells of his  tender. Captain Marvel lifts weights, then he lifts weights, and later on goes  to eat Lamb..!!!
I been catting at seeing movies recently but I will definitely be seeing captain marvel this weekend
I'm so excited for Captain Marvel yes yes yes yes yes
YEEEE bought tickets to watch captain marvel next friday with my bff. I. AM. SUPER. STOKED
This Captain Marvel actually smiles, apparently.
just got my Captain Marvel tickets
Pretty awesome experience today. Got to go to Captain Marvel Rocks! put on by @kroq . There were performances by bush and l7theband as well as a Q&A session 
Review: 'Captain Marvel' gets an average introduction. 
cant believe i dont get to see captain marvel until tomorrow :(
as captain marvel is coming out soon please put spoiler warnings (AT THE START OF TWEETS)!!! im watching it on the 16th and will probably be tweeting about it and i will put spoiler warnings in my display name and in the tweet! as someone who doesnt have much money it took me +
FUNKO POP! MARVEL: #433 CAPTAIN MARVEL GITD TARGET EXCLUSIVE  IN HAND Receipt 
Is it Captain Marvel time yet?
Are you applying her quote about wanting to hear from more critics of color to about movies targeted at women of color like A Wrinkle in Time (which we didn't like) to Captain Marvel? Seems like a stretch to say downvoting our review is a justified (or even matching) response.
6 days until I get to see Captain Marvel, which means its about 10 days before a certain subset of people claim the success is all a conspiracy from the internet and that its not actually good.
My little niece has a real Captain Marvel vibe going ondont @ me .  pic.twitter.com/j8D1pbyYdW
my phone is at 1% so heres my message to the people: watch captain marvel in theaters march 8th, unless youre homophobic and misogynistic and want to get your ass kicked
DLP release new Captain Marvel  merch. . Disney Store, Constellations (DLP), Hollywood Legends (WDS). pic.twitter.com/XTyUFQx9fG
2 post credits scene for Captain Marvel!
Captain Marvel Thursday Night
A new version of Captain Marvel has been added to Marvels Contest of Champions in honor of @brielarsonpic.twitter.com/otZ0srMAkH
I'm sure we will! Can I just say I hate the sensationalist headlines like "Captain Marvel Gets Mixed Reviews" when it holds an 85% on Rotten Tomatoes which is as high as Infinity War and Guardians of the Galaxy 2? Clickbaity jerks.
Hey guess what, Jack? I already have my tickets for Captain Marvel and I plan to see Alita too because, unlike you, Im not an insecure mess whose self worth is made of tissue paper.. Cry more about it.
oh captain marvel is so SOON I keep forgetting
Check your local listings at theaters. Except for an insanely minimal amount every single theater is only showing Captain Marvel from the day it releases for several weeks with no other options.
This prob one of those dudes who thinks Captain Marvel is racist and sexist too
And I'm truly going to hope they don't go down that path. It's fine to feature a newer character for a feature but the fact remains Captain Marvel in the books was never that important. Now they want to make the character all important. Ms Marvel was important.
He also messages me with new things I might like so he can put them aside for me and gives all the Captain Marvel posters he's not using to me!
Review: 'Captain Marvel' gets an average introduction #captainmarvel 
Im excited to get drunk on Saturday but Im most excited to watch Captain Marvel
Captain Marvel was.... AMAZING !!!!!! I want to watch it again !!
Win tickets to see an advanced screening of Captain Marvel 
March 8th is International Womens Day and Captain Marvel comes out that day. I see you Marvel, I see you. pic.twitter.com/tgWW62QaRX
Gonna go buy captain marvel tickets Im not about to let it be sold out
ive heard of at least a few dudes who are hating on it because they want shazam (previously known as captain marvel) to do better, though that is almost certainly tied to not liking women (though i would at least be able to emphasize with wanting DC to have a win).
MARVEL'S CAPTAIN MARVEL - CAROL DANVERS.. [@darIingIovers]pic.twitter.com/F9exhcDFe0
The post credit scene of Captain Marvel will one of the most important scenes for Endgame.
Incredibly wholesome and important cat news re: the new Captain Marvel film pic.twitter.com/JTtV3JcfsK
Why buy captain marvel merch when you can just adopt a cute lil kitty and name it goose. (Merchup will probably drop sth soon be patient)
why isnt captain marvel on any of these posters
captain marvel this thursday!! uweueueu cant fucking wait
Alita in the manga is a woman. Captain Marvel has been both man and woman. . I think it is more a complaint of stupid men about why Marvel have preferred a woman rather than a man.. They have that need to become the victim and show that they feel attacked by women.
Everything you need to know about Captain Marvel's cat pic.twitter.com/OJKBD4YiLl
FYI if we go by the comics, Captain Marvel should've been in the battle against Thanos from the beginning, as well as the Civil War storyline. I'm just saying, you can't pretend like this character came from nowhere or doesn't belong. If anything, her role should've been larger.
everyones responding to my funko thread with their problems UHHH THIS ISNT A GOOD THING!!! YALL REALLY FUCKED UP THE CAPTAIN MARVEL FUNKOS HUH @OriginalFunko
looks way better than captain marvel trash
Captain marvel!
im seeing captain marvel next wednesday pls how do i keep myself away from any spoilers???????? PRAY FOR ME
captain marvel on friday bc my parents want to kill me
CAPTAIN MARVEL DIDN'T DISAPPOINT DAAAAAAMN
I might be busy so Im not going to the screening. Aside from Us and Captain Marvel its all smaller releases this month. April we have Hellboy, Dumbo, End Game, were set for films then
Just got back from seeing Captain Marvel. It was pretty good, though the scene where she rapes an inmate in Guantanamo Bay was a bit much,
today in people hating captain marvel news, Disney is forcing movie theaters to play captain marvel and NO OTHER MOVIES. definitely not because  movie schedules are updated weekly. we now return to fox and friends. but first, an announcement from 30 men, in regards to abortion.
CAPTAIN MARVEL
Can yall stfu about wanting rogue in the mcu just to steal captain marvels powers? yall are so annoying
time to mute any words relating to captain marvel in attempts to avoid spoilers
Fuckwanks are seriously claiming the "bombing" of the "Interested in Seeing" score for Captain Marvel was a genuine good faith "THEY WERE JUST GENUINELY NOT INTERESTED IN IT!" situation...how can they say something so transparently bullshit with a straight face...?
#CaptainMarvel. Who else is excited for the new Captain Marvel movie to come out?!. Comment below your favourite superhero movie for your chance to win a FREE superhero theme when booking a new Bounce party here with us! . #captainmarvel #birthday #bounce #indoortrampolineparkpic.twitter.com/6VTbJQKdHw
I don't even *like* superhero movies [ducks, covers] but I will be seeing @brielarson's Captain Marvel. 
The only Captain Marvel content that matters, frankly. 
I WATCH CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW
Heres what I think, Brie Larson  wants to send under privileged girls to see Captain Marvel. Because she wants under privileged girls to view her as a hero.. While the creators of Alita give a young girl prosthetic arms. That will be available for ALL amputees.. #captainmarvel
GOODMORNING I SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL IN TWO DAYS
Ryan and Dan explain Captain Marvel: 
So true though I do believe that captain marvel Will be one of the bad Marvel movies because apparently they are using some of her modern comics stories instead of 80s and 90s.   Plus im not a big fan of her comics
@TheQuartering when Microsoft has no clue why I dont like their captain marvel comic book drawing seminar that I tagged my friend in so I told them why. pic.twitter.com/BDzFc5spmt
How many people know that Mike Pence starred in the comic book that contained the first appearance of Captain Marvel? pic.twitter.com/zMBnTPRt9M
Captain Marvel on Friday.
Who tryna go see captain marvel this weekend
That is very true Cameron (and Captain Marvel has been rebooted to #1 about 12 times in the last decade) BUT, the average muggle doesn't read comics. They only know mainstream heroes. Will that matter? Who knows. Maybe not at the box office. But it's another interesting point.
the reason people are upset at Captain Marvel and not Wonder Woman was because Gal Gadot is a right-wing darling and didn't say anything to upset aforementioned manbabies. people laughing at people being idiots isn't implicit support for the movie
Captain Marvel ?
Review: Captain Marvel and Brie Larson boost the MCU to even greater heights  #losangeles #californiapic.twitter.com/Bypha7xo2F
I can't wait to watch Captain Marvel 15 times this weekend  pic.twitter.com/jWr67jefb1
so the Cineplex website allows you to order tickets for Captain Marvel on the 8th of March... but no other movies. ONLY Captain Marvel. and you can order Cap Marvel tickets on the 7th, 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th too. This is SUPER suspicious.
what's something you would say to everyone pitting captain marvel and shazam against each other?
I don't know what it is about Captain Marvel that has made a certain subsection of the internet lose its fucking mind, but its weird to watch 
2/2 They cant really risk saving the woah factor for the movie.. its sandwhiched between Endgame and Captain Marvel and Hellboy, and the Dumbo movie. They gotta tell everyone that Shazam! Is the right choice to pick.. they gotta sell it to us like crazy! (Kinda like OG Aq suit)
Captain Marvel buttons being handed out today at Disney California Adventure pic.twitter.com/yEz4ksjZjY
Add two movie tickets to that cart!. Shop for Rs.5,000 and above between 3rd March - 10th March and stand a chance to win couple tickets for the premiere of Captain Marvel. . #WomensDay #CaptainMarvel #ShopAndWin #Fashion #Lifestyle #Movie #Superwoman #VRSurat #movietickets #mcupic.twitter.com/Bqhiw6RPfW
Next up, Marvel's The Avengers, then Iron Man III. We may not make it through the list before the Captain Marvel premiere, but we're having fun trying! #Marvel
@Kevfeige dude I love you and i love your studio. Youve given us nothing but gold for over ten years... But what the hell is this feminist crap your letting happen ? Cant do it man, cant watch captain marvel now. Brand damage.
Seems like some folks on the Right want Captain Marvel to be a spectacular failure. I, for one, do not care one way or the other, as there is yet to be a Marvel movie that tops Spider-Man 2.
I can't verify this, but wow if true about the Chinese social media buzz for Captain Marvel: 
VIII. Captain Marvel ; Carol Danvers . Moodboard . "Higher, Further, Faster baby".. @nasa_cola pic.twitter.com/xM6r2hm77j
Captain Marvel getting all these great reviews while those neckbeard youtubers said it was gonna flop cause Brie Larson hurt their fragile white male egos
Just a little while longer till our special screening of Captain Marvel - Iskrambol Fundraiser by Chiro Pilipinas! :) 
Not sure about the Captain Marvel guerrilla marketing pic.twitter.com/XCcCbpA5wn
ratiod! captain marvel defeated multiple villains !!!
So you can handle a weapon, you do martial arts, you travel at speed and speak the truth also theres the the hair I think we just found the real Captain Marvel
Captain Marvel.
Sure is lucky Captain Marvel survived the snap.
CAPTAIN MARVEL now has the most FANDANGO advance ticket sales since INFINITY WAR:. 
that endgame leak claiming that captain marvels scenes might be cut down depending on the reception she gets.... like marvel already said shes the strongest avenger AND fiege literally said she would be the new face of the mcu pic.twitter.com/kgy1gXJCqt
Honestly I feel like people are blowing the whole telling Brie Larson to smile mess out of the water. Honestly I thought the common complaint was that Captain Marvel looked like she was gonna be another generic tough girl and just. Wouldnt emote at all.
Captain marvels only weakness
Captain Marvel is a (photon) blast. Brie Larson & Samuel L. Jackson are so damn fun together and they finally cracked how to use Ben Mendelsohn in a blockbuster.
Who ever puts the pirated movies on the internet. Youre the hero I didnt ask for but I needed. About to watch Captain Marvel before you hoez.
Just watched Captain Marvel. Really love this guy and his character. 
Who wants to watch Captain Marvel with me?. Cause i doubt my cousin will go with me
captain marvel, shes a hero, brings the conspicuous absence of the skrull in the marvel cinematic universe down to zero!!
Or if you prefer marvel comics: captain marvel
I'm seeing Captain Marvel next friday kwosjciwns
Oh, Captain Marvel mid? pic.twitter.com/AwdBrnCdRs
Is this about Captain Marvel, now called Shazam?
Mixed reviews for Captain Marvel. Why am I not surprised?
gemma chan and brie larson at the captain marvel premiere in la pic.twitter.com/WRjibQc6x1
So its official now. Captain marvel is a disaster. When wp and vox is giving a wahmen superhero movie 60% rating then you can only imagine what will be public response after 2 days.
Captain Marvel spoiler
my name is lojaine, im from egypt and I love and support Captain Marvel 
Captain Marvel this Thursday
Hey everyone, the guy who believed in the Pizzagate conspiracy so deeply that he livestreamed himself trying bust in on a childs birthday party doesnt want you to see Captain Marvel this weekend. 
Captain Marvel time!!
.brielarson was interviewed by a little girl dressed as Captain Marvel  and its beyond cute pic.twitter.com/7Xmbu9s2jd
Well i know that there isn't any passing of the torch in Captain Marvel because Mar-Vell isn't in the film or at least isn't the offical casting.
Not ever movie can or should be able to do that. You know me, I'm all about larger concepts but there has to be room for pure popcorn fare. I'm looking forward to Captain Marvel, although I can understand your point having seen it already.
I had no idea Captain Marvel comes out this Friday I though it was another week in lmao
How stupid you are ppl who gave Captain Marvel bad rating just because you against "feminist" thingy lol
imma see captain marvel tomorrow hopefully
Shazam looks funny.  I'm going to go see that one definitely.  The original Captain Marvel.  Most of the live-action superhero films are getting ridiculously serious.  I like superheroes but they are ultimately just people in silly outfits beating the crap out of people.
Captain Marvel is the best!!! #HigherFurtherFasterpic.twitter.com/2XmfKIZTHs
I'm excited for Captain Marvel. Enough so that she's been my phone lock screen for the past month.. Nerds arguing about Captain Marvel on Twitter is making me want to just mute the whole topic, though.
Captain marvel
ive been waiting for a captain marvel movie since i was 13 and im finally seeing it this week. like. its HERE. pic.twitter.com/CSD02jsAZB
I'M SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL IN 32 HOURS AND TEN MINUTES pic.twitter.com/614JBQ2C9a
captain marvel and brie larson have made so many white men unreasonably angry....... anyone else hear the $1 billion mark at the box office breaking already
Captain Marvel is everything we as women deserve. Yes, it took far too long to get a female led Marvel movie. But its badass, its funny and extremely powerful. Thank you @MarvelStudios
2/2  , create backstories for several previously established characters, and set up even more significant elements for Avengers: Endgame. But Captain Marvel mostly bears the weight of those expectations.". She basically just described every Marvel movie after Iron Man 1.
Finally read that second issue of Captain Marvel. Damn I miss Spider-Woman and Echo. Their inclusion in this book really made my interest skyrocket and Thompson writes them masterfully. Hazmat as well. Carol is...Carol but I dont mind as much because shes around greatness.
The most exciting thing going on in my life is that Captain Marvel dropping next week
A lot of glowing going on with Captain Marvel
WHY AM I JUST FINDING OUT ABOUT THE CAPTAIN MARVEL BUILDABEAR AND WHY AM I TOO BROKE TO BUY IT ANYWAY
In case you missed it: Captain Marvel did some boinging and leaping and chucking yesterday.. 
Kinda Marveled out at this point, but can't not be a fan of anyone rocking an NIN shirt. If'n they're on the soundtrack then Captain Marvel might have some heretofore unknown industrial. "Industrial" flavor to it.
I've also checked 2 major Iowa cities (Des Moines & Iowa City). Any theater there showing available movies for the 8th, is all Captain Marvel so far.
Captain marvel
Captain Marvel
My name is Anthony, I'm from Earth, I love and support Captain Marvel!. #SeeingCaptainMarvel. #CaptainMarvel #Avengers #HigherFurtherFaster
God, he is a freaking idiot. Captain Marvel is a great female Lead for girls to look up to. 
Those Captain Marvel haters are gonna be turning to IX when the marketing heats up aren't they pic.twitter.com/gN6dQvgzgS
I need to see Captain Marvel.. probably next week Tuesday
Yall movie reviewers can kiss my ass...I'm about to see captain marvel this week tf pic.twitter.com/hywq385pS3
Brie Larson shouldnt be Captain Marvel period. The end.
Captain marvel 5 days away & its no hype.
Im gonna give Captain Marvel a chance. But if it ends up being a political movie like Ghostbusters 2016, Im gonna walk out.
anyone want to be a friend and see captain marvel
With Captain Marvel coming out on Friday, now would be a great time to commission me to do a sketch cover of Carol . 
Because they usually dont figure scheduling out until late Thursday every week except for the big ones like (whether you like it or not) Captain Marvel. Right now, everything thats not able to make a billion is an afterthought for them.
Captain Marvel fights internet trolls before movie release - 
Captain Marvel in 4 days. #GoT in 41 days. #AvengersEndgame in 53 days.. #GeekLevelsRisingpic.twitter.com/2rRa94aUBY
It's almost Captain Marvel Time! As a primer this week we talk about the bad ass female characters that Mrs Danvers will have to live up to. Also Sean & DJ finally saw Spiderverse! 
Captain marvel #GuessTheMovie
@ChainsawReacts The fact the avengers end game is coming out in a couple months and there is only a trailer and a half which Showed us close to nothing is making me freak out so much same thing with Captain Marvel. I have the feeling that these two movies are going to be so good
Disagree.... Captain Marvel=BORING! 
Captain Marvel defesne squad in full force and I'm CRYIN. Meanwhile, Alita: Battle Angel winning.. Check it out if you want a decent movie lmao pic.twitter.com/1xgf1dqoF0
Captain Marvel
Nothing taken. Captain Marvel was male to begin with and is one of the rare comic characters who have died and stayed dead. With the title picked up by Carol Danvers after her stints as Ms Marvel and Warbird. This was given by writers telling a story, not some looking for a fight
What the hell is everyones problem with Captain Marvel ? #TalkToMe
alex carefully placing 12 jello boxes into the cart: . maggie: alex we dont need 12 separate jello packages . alex: but this one is captain marvel themed! 
So rabie just spoiled Captain Marvel for me I think.
@CineplexMovies is imax markham giving away captain marvel posters?
Gonna catch Captain Marvel one of these days. Hopefully the titular character and movie isn't as insufferable as the actress. Lel
i dont even know the words to explain how good captain marvel is
Take Captain Marvels name out of your mouth.
Probably Captain Marvel.  Her main story is in Endgame anyways.  Dark Phoenix is close second, but real want to see how X-men goes out, before Disney goes all kid friendly with them.
will let you know, going Friday to get your ticket for Blackburn as got half day to see Captain Marvel
As I cant get dmc to actually work will be doing some placements on overwatch tonight no stream on Friday cause of captain marvel but back Monday with dmc5 will be on tonight at 9pm uk time  @ImLiveRT
I'm not supporting Captain Marvel for the same reasons I boycotted the Ghostbusters reboot.. It's an MCU movie so I'm sure a flick about Captain Basic will do well but I surmise if it under-performs because it's a... 
Wow! She made it! Its official Captain Marvel is cooler than Tony Stark! Sorry baby I still love you though! pic.twitter.com/b5yO65iA6W
the captain marvel one was too expensive but look who i got!!!!!! pic.twitter.com/rqhhnhCHiL
You don't want smoke with Captain Marvel 
Captain Marvel na!!!!!!
Where in my tweet do I have a review for Captain Marvel? I was talking about Ghostbusters and why that was bad, why it was bad because of the film, Captain Marvels marketing strategy has been terrible. The movie could be great. People use sexism as an excuse for a female film
Captain marvel next week
Oh no the MCU is going the wrong direction it seems... I've had this angst since the introduction of captain marvel. PLEASE NO SOCIAL JUSTICE IN THE MCU 
I will see captain Marvel but it would have the impact Wonder woman had on me
Also Captain Marvel should be dope, Brie Larson and Sam Jackson co-starring again after Kong SI
if you're curious about infinity war and you havent watched captain marvel yet, goooo waaaaatch
Captain Marvel pls
IF YOU DONT SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL ON FRIDAY YOU HAVE A SMALL DICK
Ready for Captain Marvel!
The soundtrack pasti ngingetin sama anak anak 90an pecinta Hole, No Doubt, TLC, Nine Inch Nails, Veruca Salt and many more. Was expect suddenly Cher from Clueless jump into the screen gilaaaaa... w bahagia banget nonton Captain Marvel ini
I JUST FINISHED WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL AND FUVK ITS GOT ME SO HYPED FOR ENDGAME
Samuel L. Jackson on working with Captain Marvel's Goose: 'I am not a cat person' 
so your issue is that it's not a black women playing captain marvel? and because I'm defending the idea of a women playing captain marvel and making comments about how women are treated I therefor don't like black women?
Recognize that Captain Marvel being an empowerment movie for women and children isnt a bad thing. There is nothing wrong with saying there are too many straight white men in film. . You all treat this like its eugenics, its just a movie and its just representation.
im probably seeing captain marvel tomorrow uwu
A fitting error, no? The character is indeed Captain Marvel, after all: 
anyway I just bought two pre-release tickets for Captain Marvel and Im so fugging hyped
This is Brie Larson, an American actress who's first major role will be as Captain Marvel in an otherwise unremarkable career on screen. Using her acting credentials she promotes diversity in Hollywood by telling any white male not to bother to interview her or see her movie. pic.twitter.com/EMGaU7zESC
Lets see... who am i gonna drag to see captain marvel with me next week
okay but men are really THAT pressed over captain marvel,,, a fucking fictional CHARACTER .
next week we have lin as amy's brother on thursday and captain marvel on friday... we stan next week
Captain Marvel looks amazing I cant wait to see it. Let me know how it is bro
Hey have to conform, shes the savior and voice of us black folks, we need to respect our white blond queen. Glad they didnt use the real captain marvel monica rambeau black ass. We need the white bitch to defend us for non existent oppression. Shes totally not using us. (Sarcasm)
Hoping #AlitaBattleAngel stays strong in upcoming week against Captain Marvel. I am rooting for my #BattleAngel , I hope u all are too.pic.twitter.com/oYffBUhv5k
Talk about Captain Marvel
She wanna be Captain Marvel soo bad
Heres what Im going to do. Ill just watch both. No need for a boycott buddy boy. Since you mentioned that you fell asleep during Alita in that one deleted tweet of yours, Ill probably watch Captain Marvel first thing in the morning. Early Bird screenings are pretty cool imo.
im gonna for sure 100% ugly cry when i go see captain marvel
Ok so now I ACTIVELY hate Captain Marvel for bringing back this garbage. 
So your saying there's 2 Captain Marvel films coming out this year. pic.twitter.com/FAz6FqO6UF
cryin bcus the search obviously refers to the og captain marvel (shazam) 
come see captain marvel with me :/
Captain Marvel comes out in a week and I'm the only one excited...and I'm okay with that
Guarantee you now that in #Endgame Captain Marvel finds Tony Stark out in space
Eh, I think I'd rather see Captain Marvel.. I find the Instagram eyes creepy.
It is odd that both Captain Marvels have their movies coming out at roughly the same time.. But Shazam! is going to put Marvel in the Negative Zone.
if ANYONE posts captain marvel spoilers I will block .
i now need captain marvel, iron man and basically the rest of the got characters + new ones of jon and dany. idgaf ill spend it all
Captain Marvel is in the movie
Dad does too. It was her and Captain Marvel (Shazam) when he was a kid.
Who will receive all the smoke from Captain Marvel?.     25% cis heterosexual white men.     25% cis heterosexual white men            .     25% cis heterosexual white men.     25% Thanos.  948,033,7958 votes  Final results. They'll get they ass beat equally
Same! Im already hyped for Captain Marvel, I remember when they first announced the movie and now its finally coming
.@a_dot_joy Its us, we're in captain marvel 
Captain Marvel movie looks horrible. #captainmarvel
Looks like theyre just showing Captain Marvel that day... pic.twitter.com/oqqnfaSRqa
hey @Marvel  you guys need to stick with NOT inserting Social Justice Warrior bullshit in your most recent films, saw the bad reviews for captain marvel, and i will not be going to see it.
My buddy @luischavezangel just told me that there's an active campaign out there to tank Captain Marvel that's been so strident that it caused Rotten Tomatoes to address the issue. Seriously, men are trash. . 
Highlight of Captain Marvel was Carols Nine Inch Nails t-shirt she wore for the majority of the film.
Damn captain marvel not looking too good
The original Captain Marvel wasnt a spin-off of Superman. He was published by a competitor before being being purchased by DC/National. This is the Marvel Captain Marvel. A different character. She started out as Ms. Marvel before getting promoted earlier this decade.
Ok so what I wanna know is why are people complaining? I looked into the history of captain marvel and the character has gone between different characters, at least half of them women, so I can't see it being the woman thing...
1. We picked Alita because. a.) it was released. b.) they were nice. c.) the movie is good. 2. The sequel never entered our minds. . 3. I don't know what a sock puppet movie is but I'm sure it would be more entertaining than Captain Marvel. 4. The last claim is Disney's Karma.
@TheQuartering Captain Marvel is the only movie being shown from  the 7 thru 13 of March at all theaters near me. Along with many countries...... maybe something to cover.
While I might agree with you..... "Captain Marvel," is still going to make boat loads of money.
I could be mistaken but I remember when the phase three slate was announced back in 2014 Captain Marvel was right there. I know dates changed and there was some shuffling but this movie is not a sudden surprise.
Someone come see captain marvel with me PLEASE
Captain marvel anyone?
I"m boycotting. The first female Captain Marvel was Monica Rambeau, not Carol Danvers. #whitewashpic.twitter.com/ezUuvDVJXM
how dare you leave out captain marvel like this
Im very excited to see Captain Marvel more excited to hang out with my friends and eat and drink.
i fucking cant wait to see captain marvel and literally watch an empowering movie that will fucking make history
This is my bus! But also  yesss for captain marvel
i cant wait for captain marvel to come out with a 95% rating on rotten tomatoes, receiving critical praise so i can watch all the angry white men melt
I need to go buy a Captain Marvel shirt tomorrow before I watch the movie like the lame ass dork I am
Team Agents of SHIELD at the premiere of Captain Marvel.. #CaptainMarvel #AgentsofSHIELDpic.twitter.com/qF0qKqksZX
//Captain Marvel was awesome watch when you get the chance it is amazing
In Brampton it's Captain Marvel and then like 12 Hindi movies
I just realized I'm not going to be in the states when Captain Marvel comes out. Someone pls send me the a list of the best movie theatres in Dublin.
Here's what the cast of 'Captain Marvel' looks like in real life 
MARCH 06 NAAAAAAAAAA CAPTAIN MARVEL LATER SHET!!!!!!. #CaptainMarvelPH. LEZ GO HIGHER.FURTHER,FASTER!
no offense but i don't trust any man's opinion on captain marvel lmao
BOIIII ARE THE STRAIGHT WHITE MEN REFUSING TO GO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL MAKING A BIG MISTAKE
Brie Larson reveals she didn't even tell her MUM she'd got the role of Captain Marvel out of fear | Daily Mail Online #SamuelL.Jackson #CaptainMarvel 
This Kris Jenner Captain Marvel Mash-Up Ad Is One Of The Weirdest Things We've Seen 
i jsut saw captain marvel ahhhhhh
captain marvel? loved it, goose is everyones new favorite character, 10/10 do recommend
My principal problem with captain marvel was that they were promoting her as if ww never existed. That was the first problem, the second one is that they introduced her too fuckin late, I did't know who she was and when I tried to find out through the comics, she was boring
If only Captain Marvel was influenced by Hunger Games or Kill Bill.
has anyone seen captain marvel yet? i've heard some mixed opinions and i wanna know if the ticket is worth it
Pom Klementieff in Christian Louboutin Girlsbestfriend at the 'Captain Marvel' Film Premiere pic.twitter.com/vcSyWnro0P
@brielarson Don't forget to High Five the audience when you go on @LiveKellyRyan tomorrow! Not doing it will make the Captain Marvel fans mad at you.
GOOD LUCK !!!!! PAS MUET CAPTAIN MARVEL !!!!
I'm not seeing it because I think Brie Larson is a shit tier actress and the character of Captain Marvel is boring.
When I saw WW and Black Panther, there were little kids at the theatre dressed like Diana and a buncha Black Panther characters. I hope I see some of that for Captain Marvel, its really fun.
Our movie ticket sites have every movie currently playing up to Thursday but only Captain Marvel on Friday. Usually by Tuesday, the ticket sites will have the schedules submitted from each theatre and then they will update the showtimes for the upcoming week
"PEOPLE ARE TELLING MEN THEY CAN'T SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!!!". I thought you said Captain Marvel was going to suck and you don't want to see it.. "I DON'T!". Then why do you care if you ca-. "BRIE LARSON IS COMING TO CUT OFF MY PEEPEE!"
What the hell if you check online for movie tickets next week from 7th of March onwards you can't buy tickets for any movie EXCEPT Captain Marvel until the 13th ? GSC TGV MBO ALL ONLY SHOWING CAPTAIN MARVEL AND NOTHING ELSE
badacts: dudes who accuse films like captain marvel of teaching young girls to hate men have no idea that... 
i cant wait to see captain marvel next week !!!
If its relevant to any sort of discussion anyones interested in, Im going to see Captain Marvel twice already- once with two of Male friends, once with my daughter and a female friend. Hating on this movie for having a female lead is truly dumb.
#IWD2019 special and Captain Marvel in a few days. What a week
You do know that different versions of Characters exist right??? There's a communist Superman, A Black one as well.. There's a Female Thor. One of the OG Captain Marvel's was a Black Woman(Monica Rambeau). T'Challas White Friend took on the mantle of Black Panther as well.
Yo, I wanted to get them Captain Marvel vans and they only go up to 10 in men's pic.twitter.com/ragD0cvNwN
'Captain Marvel' review: Superhero movies are like sushi meals The movie industry buzz on Captain Marvel is that it's Marvel Comics' long-awaited gender-friendly response to DC Comic's hit movie Wonder Woman. And that .... 
The best thing to come out of the Captain Marvel review bombing (other than the fact that mean dudes were silenced) is that I can now view the average rating of a movie by hitting "More Info" underneath the Tomatometer.
Im seeing Captain Marvel in a week, omg my body got all tense just from typing that
Captain Marvel better be a bad ass bitch. I guess we find out Friday whether she has the potential to restore half the Marvel universe.
Captain Marvel presales on track to match Avengers: Infinity War 
Watching the old Captain Marvel trailer while waiting to watch the new Captain Marvel movie. #SHAZAMpic.twitter.com/5lo0CYzPab
Q2How do you think Captain Marvel will fit into the MCU movies so far?:#WDWEventChat #CaptainMarvel. PHOTO CREDIT MARVEL STUDIOS pic.twitter.com/vBgzj0uEcv
someone watch captain marvel with me
Brie Larson is by far the worst addition to the mcu and Ill happily skip captain marvel just so I dont have to spend 2 hours watching this fool on screen
The fact that straight white men were already calling Captain Marvel horrible when it's not been out yet proves that y'all are snowflakes, toxic pos
Captain marvel movie date please
rare footage of brie pretending to give a damn about all the pissed white men refusing to see Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/CI8wn5W2Th
dad: . me: U DONT WANNA GO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL BC SHES A WOMAN HUH? JUST SAY U HATE WOMAN AND GO BITCH. BY THE WAY SHES THE MOST POWERFUL AVENGER SO YEAH FUCK YOUR FAVS
The Flicks app still only shows Captain Marvel at my local theater. But if I go into their actual website it shows other movies playing.
Depends.  Looks like they've gone so far as to shoot multiple versions of some scenes, so if the Captain Marvel movie does as bad as they expect it to, they can edit around her. pic.twitter.com/oGmqXlfFaU
I'm finding it really funny that all these dudes that are like 'why does it matter who reviews a movie no one even reads them lmao' about CAPTAIN MARVEL being reviewed massively more by men are also the ones that flipped the fuck out over who reviews videos game
I cant wait until Captain Marvel is over and done with, and we can start getting into the Endgame lead up media. I have been looking forward to that movie since the second Infinity War ended.
Captain Marvel tomorrow!
I WANNA WATCH CAPTAIN MARVEL SO BAD WHATSBDHCBHSKAJA
I'll be interested as well, Jeremy have you seen that websites like fandango won't let you purchase tickets for any other movie OTHER than Captain Marvel on March 8th.  Seriously!  THIS IS HAPPENING!  Disney has resorted to full on Social Engineering to get their money back.
Hot take: Ripley and Sarah are badasses and had actual threats. Rey faces zero threats most of the time because they didn't exactly write her badly, they wrote the new order badly. Carol Danvers is gonna do just fine as Captain Marvel.. Sincerely, an apparent manbaby. 
And hes going to do it to a little girl during Captain Marvel? Like who plans this shit?
Not a damn thing. The best thing thats coming out is Captain Marvel this week and thats not even going to live up to be good 
#EARLYHYPE: Captain Marvel. #CaptainMarvel #Marvel pic.twitter.com/VRvo34SW2q
just bought a captain marvel funko pop keychain
Maybe King Kong was the cause of Captain Marvel's amnesia?. #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/ROpmfb3ZqU
Captain marvel, End Game, Spiderman, Shazam . Can't wait!
Hahahaha so funny , I can wait for captain marvel next week
Yes i know but feminist propaganda as its own , which these people use to hate on c  marvel is used to mean that captain marvel is a man-hating mess when its the opposite or at the very least, doesnt even make a point of gender in any way
I agree there. Ant man 2 was a good film. IW just blew my mind in all aspects. I dont know if Im emotionally prepared for endgame but Captain Marvel ties in directly with Endgame and the awkward time between the first Captain America movie and Iron man 1/Avengers 1 era
captain marvel comes out in 4 days.... 4 DAYS ?!?!?!!?!!!???!!!!?!!!
starting tonight im logging out of main until i see captain marvel bc im not seeing any spoilers so uhhh if i dont answer thats why
No, you didn't. I tried to explain why everyone that doesn't want to see Captain Marvel isn't a misogynist and you lost your cool. I never said it was justified that people went after Shazam for being the real captain marvel I was saying it was a debate that ended years ago. pic.twitter.com/PBrTSBoCAM
People are mad at Brie Larson for being an entitled cow.  Captain Marvel being a woman is OK as long its not being played by entitled cows.
captain marvel soon. anyone hmu about what the post credits scene
every two seconds reading this book from 2001 is like mm hmm captain marvel pic.twitter.com/F3ymZROTi1
Captain Marvel 9/10
Trolls who are hoping that their fake "Ghostbusters effect" will work on Captain Marvel are gonna be in for a shock.
Brie Larson had to learn how to make a 'cool face' as Captain Marvel 
@brielarson i wanna go watch captain marvel with ny sister but i'm having trouble trying to convince her could you help me?
If Captain Marvel doesnt end up being good Im gonna be pissed
Captain Marvel's current projections are higher then Black Panther was and Black Panther is the highest grossing MCU film. Ghostbusters was just a bad movie, nothing to do with an all female cast. It could have been an all male cast and been bad.
Captain Marvel never worked as a man or woman. If the character died on the account of Rogue killing her for her powers, no one would've cared. It would've just been a sad death moment and everyone would move on. No different than Dr. William Foster's death in the comics.
"Despite some of the negative comments coming from a small section of the Internet,Captain Marvelseems to be defying all projections, and aiming for a higher, further, faster dominance of the box office next weekend." . Not that little if it's working
I love how women are leading more big movies like Star Wars, Captain Marvel, Wonder Woman, Alita, Ghost in the Shell, Annihilation, and so on. But why are 90% of these women White. Can we stop forgetting women of color as we promote gender equality?? pic.twitter.com/AItI8chofK
to everyone:. 1. which of all mcu movies/series are your top 3 favorites (except of Captain Marvel then) and why?. 2. is Lokis is alive or not??. 3. hows your day going so far? and I hope youre doing great!
I'm on social media. Just not on Twitter, really. I have my Captain Marvel Talk! on Facebook and I answer questions about Captain Marvel on Quora.. No, I haven't made the progress on Windsurfer that I'd like, but I'm back on the grind working to get her out there.
Patrons! Help us choose what we discuss alongside CAPTAIN MARVEL on our March 15th episode!. 1. Netflix's TRIPLE FRONTIER. 2. 20th Anniversary review of THE MATRIX. 3. A Summer Preview Segment. 4. GRETA. Vote here: 
Captain Marvel next week!!!!!
Its to celebrate the arrival of captain marvel!
A few hours after feeling excited with captain marvel then i see a spoiler about Levi's death.. I fell excited and sad in the same evening
Well, they are focusing more on Captain Marvel at the moment
holy crap im feeling the captain marvel energy already!!!!!!!! @brielarsonpic.twitter.com/cor50pI7IX
I've just posted a new blog: Can Captain Marvel Fix Marvels Woman Problem? 
"I hope Captain Marvel isn't churned through the political commentary machine before release." echoes in the wind.
Will she also release Captain Marvel on that day?
Guess who booked Captain Marvel for Saturday
Can confirm, all of my local theaters either playing only Captain Marvel or CM and two other movies. Are they /that/ afraid of competition?
March 2019 Movie Preview: 'Captain Marvel,' 'Us,' 'Five Feet Apart' + More 
Martha McSally was asking questions during the Captain Marvel panel. She can fly a plane right?
So apparently I cant see captain marvel because a 19 year old isnt the main target audience according to Brie Larson. This woman is stupid. How the hell does she not know what the main target audience is of the MCU?! How the hell did marvel hire her?!
Cant wait for captain marvel to drop
we just need some new content (captain marvel!!!!) and it'll come back!!
CAPTAIN MARVEL NEXT WEEK pic.twitter.com/B1FvqgK4uD
I know, I read shes back home in Mississippi with her family so sadlt she wont be able to go to the Captain Marvel premiere
Empty theaters come March 8th. They are also being generous given before Rotten Tomatoes yanked their ratings for it Captain Marvel sat at 27%.
Captain Marvel? You mean the story of the kid who can turn into a superhero just by saying Shazam? That movie actually looks good. pic.twitter.com/VGmzzGTnyz
People are planning to boycott Captain Marvel? Aw babies with fragile male egos
HaHaHa!  Captain Marvel just gave the Boycotters more Power at first we were just a Small Vocal Minority Now! We're Mega Power House Majority Of The Fandom None of the Movies Comicbooks or products will sell if We don't want to Support the Franchise Anymore! Bankruptcy!! LoL!
Captain Marvel review (Spoiler free). Captain Marvel as a film is no Wonder Woman and as a hero, she is not Superman, Captain America or Ironman but she seems to represent the beginning of a new generation of heroes. Is that good or... 
The amount of bitching about captain marvel before its come out has been pretty ridiculous. I understand people have been complaining about the publicity but who has time to give a crap about a movies marketing?!
we will be watching captain marvel next tuesday since i am broke
Captain Marvel
Exclusive: Brie Larson hopes Captain Marvel will inspire more women to become pilots 
Here's another:  There's a small segment of people out there, who I assume are also convinced that the new Captain Marvel movie is going to bring about the apocalypse, who are very vocally against the show, but that's the internet, I suppose.
it's captain marvel month pic.twitter.com/HGYRHeP9Px
one week until captain marvel...... that's powerful
Captain Marvel is gonna suck ass and here's how I know. Did any other Marvel film cancel all other movies for half a week? pic.twitter.com/hqScNVESFJ
TODAY IS THE PH PREMIERE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL GOODNIGHT
I never thought Hollywood critics would be giving captain marvel such mixed reviews.
I see a TON more people complaining about men complaining about Captain Marvel than I do actual men complaining about Captain Marvel. . Either way, both sides on this issue have helped to kill a lot of my anticipation for the movie.
I cannot wait to go see Captain Marvel.  Been waiting years for Carol to get her time on the big screen and nothing will stop me from going to enjoy that.
The only acceptable debate about Captain Marvel is "Would you pet the cat?"
do they have captain marvels in nashville?
The Captain Marvel Cast Took Our Superhero Would You Rather Quiz And Now You CanToo 
"Calling for more reviews of Captain Marvel by women is reverse sexi-" pic.twitter.com/kTgdhnEXPT
WAIT CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT TOMORROW??? OH SHIT
I guess he wont be seeing Captain Marvel OR my tweets. pic.twitter.com/PEE0j8KVib
I can see it :). 1. Profileshot from the side of captain marvel i think. 2. A guy with a coat standing with his arms out. 3. Sunglasses (?). 4. Another side profileshot of someone with a hat . 5. The captain marvel star
All the action from the Captain Marvel world premiere. 
ONE WEEK TO CAPTAIN MARVEL pic.twitter.com/40aR3PpHtp
So apparently the haters of Captain Marvel (now the prerelease sales are up) are now complaining there is some grand conspiracy about Fandango & others not allowing reviews until the release. Well you can't review something you haven't seen. Basic intelligence people.
ughhh can someone please cancel my dad and uncle... theyve been complaining non stop about Captain Marvel over literally nothing apart from that shes a woman.
10 Best Movies to See in March: 'Captain Marvel,' 'Dumbo,' 'Us'Rolling Stone. What's up movie-wise in March? Harmony Spring Breakers Korine returns to Florida with Matthew McConaughey for a stoner's odyssey; Jordan Peele .... 
Tickets are bought for Captain Marvel!
Think about it. The tagline for social justice warrior Brie Larson's movie Captain Marvel isn't "to infinity and beyond," or "faster than a speeding bullet," no, her motto is " "higher, further, faster" than "white dudes."
Samuel L. Jackson thinks de-aged Captain Marvel character is based on this old movie of his. 
Captain Marvel (pre-op) pic.twitter.com/EEAPLiAqN5
i have now money to watch captain marvel tomorrow ahdksk
Everytime I see a trailer of Captain Marvel, all I can think about is how Rogue took her down. Lol.
Captain Marvel na ron
I cant believe you went to the captain marvel premiere and didnt invite me
CAPTAIN MARVEL IS SO POWERFUL I WANNA DIE
Alllright who wants to see Captain Marvel with me next week?
Hey Brie Larson (Captain Marvel). Worried? I would be @TheQuartering #TeamDarkPhoenix
Could someone tell me what is the problem with a female lead for Captain Marvel? Looks like a good movie. Why all the whoop to do about white men and this movie. Seem like a weird movie hype.
Thanks for driving your public support down for being negative against men @breelarson . Enjoy being a flop! Ill skip Captain Marvel!
Let me know thanks if captain marvel glow target
brie larson was in hoot and now shes the star of a marvel movie omfg captain marvel
im so sad that i cant see captain marvel today wedeath
I doubt Captain Marvel will be any better or worse than the majority of the pevious films. The formula is just starting to get boring for more and more people.. Wouldnt be surprised if Larsons comments are part of a rage-fueling marketing campaign lol.
In the 80s playing make-believe w/the neighborhood kids, we girls rarely got to be the superhero (or ghost buster). Seeing that change for kids today is EVERYTHING. Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel, Rey & Leia, Patty & Holzmann ... it's great. 
Captain Marvel: Five questions we hope the film answers - The Indian Express 
The premiere of Captain Marvel is a good reminder that Brie Larson had an incredible teen pop career (re: one album) and "She Said" is still a stone-cold jam. 
Way better than the 1st trailer. Doubt the movie will do well though, considering that it's sandwiched between DC's Captain Marvel movie and Avengers: Endgame, which royally sucks, as I've been a fan of Hellboy since seeing the 1st live action movie.. 
Film no. 23 = Captain Marvel with the squad. pic.twitter.com/w4w5y6SFTv
Me watching all the drama surrounding captain marvel while not a single 'fan' has mentioned the female director tackling her first major movie: pic.twitter.com/n4uJPhFtp9
I REPEAT!!!!! CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!!! IN 2 DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYS  
Captain Marvel sure went through a transition
Wonder Woman was awesome, Captain Marvel is m'eh. Nothing great. 6/10. It's the worst film in the Marvel series. The lead actress just doesn't have "it". Samuel Jackson is great as always.
So, this has gotten me hype to read Captain Marvel. But it's like issue 14 haha.. #dspyro #pyro #djangojr #spiderman #nerd #blerd #marvel #disney #avengers #captainmarvel #ironman 
"let's rewrite some history, shall we?" is a quote from the comics that's always stuck with me and kept me going. is there a quote from captain marvel that particularly resonated with you?
Check again TuesdayCaptain Marvel is the only major NEW movie coming to theaters. It is common for theaters to await box office results from the prior weekend before assigning theaters for the next week.
hey guys! . so captain marvel hits theaters march 7th. i know a lot of people will be seeing it as soon as possible, but others wont have that luxury, so im making a group chat where we can talk about the spoilers without ruining it for other people! rt/like 2 join!
JUST SAW CAPTAIN MARVEL
Saw Captain Marvel tonight and it was awesome! Some Rick n Morty moments tho and that Pilipinas feels outfit Lol (late nagsink in)
Captain marvel credit scene
Captain marvel
the kid who sits next to me in math said that captain marvel looks boring pic.twitter.com/wPS3PoCrBl
New Hot Toys Captain Marvel Cosbabys pic.twitter.com/doMmjKY7FU
just remembered captain marvel is gonna be a trilogy and i started crying HSDJSMS 
how many times yall plan to go watch captain marvel?? personally ill try to go at least 5 times since im on vacation, i have to go with my mom and dad separately and then premiere is with friends, but well probably rewatch and then i guess ill tell more friends jdjsjdj
i just understood that i'll be at the captain marvel premier when they will drop the ep this week-. i won't be able to watch it, this is why i never make plans on fridays
IM GOING TO GO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL IN TWO DAYS OH MY GODBDHSHSH
cant wait to see captain marvel on friday
>Captain Marvel's favorite WWE superstar. YA GET IT. BECAUSE HE FLIES AROUND. LIKE A SUPERHERO. #RAW
ask me if I'm going to see captain marvel 34 times. Trick question. I am. Fact
I just checked three theaters around me and they've all done it, all that's playing the entire weekend is Captain Marvel
I AM SO FUCKING EXCITED FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL. the closer it gets the more fucking PUMPED I AM . #HigherFurtherFaster #captainmarvel
2 solid points for Captain Marvel:. -free pass for the movie. -me0w, go watch it
Captain marvel really out here training with us common folk. Immaculate 
Kara Danvers, DC, Supergirl. Carol Danvers, Marvel, Captain Marvel. Huh huh HUH???
every part of this is completely wild from 'brie larson is ugly' to 'captain marvel not being hot is anti-men' and everything else, which i cannot even begin to list in a single tweet
CAPTAIN MARVEL Reviews NOT as Bright as BRIE'S Star. #CaptainMarvel #CaptainMarvelPremiere #CaptainMarvelChallenge. #Alita #AlitaChallenge #AlitaBattleAngel. 
To further this point:. Ripley and Sarah are also very vulnerable characters who face adversity but aren't shown to be special or fortunate in spite of this. Rey is friends with almost everyone she meets and Captain Marvel is the single strongest character in the MCU.
Nice work Brie. Make Marvel Fans Mad as heck right before your Captain Marvel Release!
Just realized that Captain Marvel comes out on #InternationalWomensDay. I see what you did there!
if youre going to call Captain Marvel military propaganda (which it is) you could make the case Black Panther posits that if African Americans only had more STEM majors black poverty would disappear
Injustice Captain Marvel
Just a reminder, Captain Marvel arrives THIS Friday at Hangar 12! Here was confusion about the paint job over by the Chase Meet and Greet but that's just an overall theming for the area. 
does anyone know why captain marvel hasnt been sold yet at the premiere
Saw a tweet that was like Ive come to terms with my male feminist friend not liking captain marvel and Id like the sea levels to rise a lil bit quicker
Anyway lads Im very very depressed but I am going to captain marvel tomorrow so that makes things a bit better
You guys, I just heard Captain Marvel doesn't even say "Shazam" once in the new movie. Unreal
So I heard Captain Marvel will premiere on Friday... Should I visit the cinema?
Keep crying about Captain Marvels existence, incels. Your tears keep me young.
snapchat has a captain marvel filter already
Nahh Captain Marvel is worse than TLJ
She does still look butch. That'd be funny suspending me, a butch lesbian, for saying Captain Marvel looks like a butch lesbian. I'm sure Twitter would be dumb enough to do it.
I like this Captain Marvel better. pic.twitter.com/ayNi7HXJMc
Every single one of those woman could be a better version of captain marvel than you. pic.twitter.com/r9vZL8OV0y
How to train like Captain Marvel, physically and mentally . #CaptainMarvel. 
How will Captain Marvel fit in with the Avengers? 
Im a trump supporter and im hyped to see captain marvel. I dont think its sjw propaganda
- but I still stand by my word that he should've kept his plan for his own trilogy he's making rather than put it in a pinnical chapter near the end of the Skywalker saga.. As for Captain Marvel, I'm keeping my mouth shut until I actually go see the movie.
I just went to the poll on  and voted No to "seeing Captain Marvel in theatre" . After this pole is done...maybe ask how many people are PAYING to see it. If I was seeing it, which I'm not, I'd be walking in after paying for #AlitaBattleAngel.
Captain marvels head and a bit of her shoulders
What battle angel? The only film in cinemas is Captain Marvel.
THERE ARE CAPTAIN MARVEL POSTERD EVERYWHERE IN THE CITY AND THERE'S ONE WITH ONLY JUDE LAW ON IT I ALWAYS WIN!!!!!!!
FIRST OF ALL CONGRATS !!! and thats so you to give birth the day of captain marvel
i see captain marvel in 3 DAYS PLESSESKSKSKSK
Unpopular opinion: idk if I wanna see captain marvel... I'm worried the hype of "Female HeroTM" is literally the only reason we're excited. The trailers didn't get me going about the story... or intrigue me... . Idk. Maybe I'm the asshole, but I'm just not all that pumped.
Finally have some free time.  I've praised the first issue for a long time, but finally diving in to the full story of The Life of Captain Marvel.  Amazing story by @mstohl.pic.twitter.com/1BWOEkEPFq
Already got my tickets for Captain Marvel. Im not FUCKING AROUND were too close to Endgame to be missing shit. However on another point, why is is $30 for TWO people to go see a movie in non-3D/non-IMAX?????
So sad. Captain Marvel comes out friday but i'll never get to see it in theaters because 1. My sister doesnt want to see it and B. I have no friends. Well, none local anyway.
Who is down to go watch Captain Marvel with me this Friday
Im straight and the battle on the beach gave me one.  Just FYI.  I cant wait for Captain Marvel.
I was originally going to see Captain Marvel. Then Brie Larson opened her mouth on two different occasions to show she didnt care/want men's opinions (and possibly their patronage). Now I'm not going to see the movie. Thanks Brie, you saved me time and money!
Captain Marvel is cancelled
The March 9-10 @bigapplecomicon  is rockin in the heart of NYC ,. 100s of super guests, artists, cosplayers, and great exhibitors. check our our . Captain Marvel Cosplay Contest . This is gonna be amazin!. 
captaIN MARVEL IN LESS THAN A WEEK
so theres this girl who invited me to go see captain marvel with her and I..
I want to thank Game of Thrones for saving us from Captain Marvel discourse for one more day. A real one till the end.
Mixed reviews seems somewhat disingenuous for an 89% on RT.  "Kicks ass" or "disappointing"? Read the mixed Captain Marvel reviews  
The only downside of going to see Captain Marvel Thursday night is that its during the time where I usually fight off sleep. But a dark theater and reclining chairs Pray for me, yall.
Watching Infinity Wars again to prepare for Captain Marvel!
Reminder that Captain Marvel comes out on International Womens Day
I mean if you go to any article or tweet from captain marvel theres numerous unsolicited tweets calling Brie Larson a bigot. I doubt marvel wants that on this movie. They dont need to drum up hype for this movie. It has enough hype as is. This sounds like a silly claim.
Getting pumped for Captain Marvel. Hope at the end of it she beats up some berNerd who talks shit on ladies being superheroes.
Captain marvel , Game of Thrones season 8 , Mortal Kombat 11. . Men April is looking hot
If you didnt like Brie Larson in her Sleepover days you dont deserve her as Captain Marvel sorry I dont make the rules!!! pic.twitter.com/6poXqp6kCy
Thats awesome!! I hope you two go see at least one showing of Captain Marvel together!
I have seen this before. Basically because feminists are pushing "captain marvel" as the representation of women in superhero movies or whatever, you should boycott and watch the BASED woman in superhero movies, Alita. It's all so tiresome
New post (Avengers Endgame: New trailer coming VERY soon? Captain Marvel to feature?) has been published on Right Now News - 
Why is everyone freaking out over captain Marvel? Who gives a shit
That scene from the Captain Marvel trailer
making a big deal out of nothing. People were blaming sexism for Captain Marvel getting poor reception. If a movie is bad it's bad end of it doesn't matter if its male or female. Sexism has nothing to do with. Reviews? Nobody can give a movie review without seeing ?
Captain marvel
It's soulmate Brie L Captain Marvel movie, fun. pic.twitter.com/ykqGGQonrO
Lmao I bought my fan event captain marvel ticket months ago on A list and I went back today to get more tix and it says excluded from A list now sksksks I saved $20 by booking a whole month ago
ONE WEEK UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!!!!!!!!!! #CaptainMarvel 
Captain Marvel
Captain Marvel is selling advanced tickets so their info is posted sooner than usual. Wait a few days and the rest of the times will be updated.
In honor of Captain Marvel week: 
Everything you need to know about Captain Marvel's cat 
im going to captain marvel with him somewhere next week  and im going to his house sunday. uhm i love this
CAN YOU BELIEVE THERE ARE PEOPLE WHOVE SEEN CAPTAIN MARVEL ALREADY
Captain marvel reviews. No wonder they only just released them pic.twitter.com/kr67Eq45WV
captain marvel layout
Captain Marvel is ready to fly  #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/pltiwc9UxV
Is Captain Marvel a transgender woman? I remember him being a white male.
Just be hyped for the freaking movie people, I normally dont give those kind of people attention anymore. Of course Im not interested in Captain Marvel, it just looks uninteresting and boring to me. I would like to see Alita though.
I just want it to be Thursday already because Captain Marvel
I wanna see Captain Marvel next Friday
I get what you're saying but I feel like I'm not trashing Captain Marvel. I'm just disappointed with how it looks as a film. Trashing for me would be going to every post related to the film and left a hateful comment in there.
I think Im going to have to wait over a week to see captain marvel pic.twitter.com/3A4aVOEth7
My thoughts  about captain marvel was ok not the best movie and not also the worst movie
Alita: Battle Angel > Captain Marvel. Disney buying out movie theaters for the full week because they're desperate for money, since they spent a lot on a token cookie cutter Wonder woman movie that isn't even canon to the Marvel universe.
I'm still trying to find the right words to describe Captain Marvel. I love the movie a lot and I love Carol Danvers even more. And I love Goose the most, of course.
Brie Larson is insinuating that  Captain Marvel can beat Superman  pic.twitter.com/Yeek4DZymA
I would watch Wonder Woman ten times in one day before I watch captain marvel once. #neckbeards
I'm @Wamzlee, and I suffer from Captain Marvel Advertising Fatigue.
I felt that same power watching Wonder Woman, and its why Im so excited for Captain Marvel. Its truly an incredible feeling
On Friday when I have to go babysit, or Saturday when I have to celebrate a bday and go see Captain Marvel, or Sunday when I can actually play it for 24 hours
Yes, people will still see Captain Marvel. MCU movies almost always open strong, and this one is riding Endgame hype. What matters is if the movie is good or not and how well the character is received. Personally I'm a bit iffy on the second part.
I havent got this one - but I do have the captain marvel chase in my giveaway - wanna enter...?
A.Gamora. B.Scarlet Witch. C.Captain Marveld. D. Black  Widow. #CinepolisIndia. #Cinepolis  . #Contest #MarvelSuperWomen #CaptainMarvel . @IndiaCinepolis
my best buddy just bought me ticket for captain marvel on the very first day im legit crying bc im broke af and captain marvel is a must
Seeing Captain Marvel on Saturday
If you think Captain Marvel is the first female superhero film, then youre mistaken. . The PowerPuff Girls Movie is and you should check yourself.
Nowadays you get suspended for 12 hours for telling negging assholes that hate on Captain Marvel for no reason to ch*ke on s*men :):):)
Legitimate question. Is anyone actually saying "we had a wonder woman movie. Why do we need captain marvel?". I havent seen it. Maybe a few trolls. 
if youre sitting next to me in the theater when watching captain marvel and i start shaking, wheezing, or crying....mind your business im gay
Captain Marvel got her powers from an explosion.. Out of this mess was born Captain marvel.. #CaptainMarvel #CarnivalCinemas #CarnivalCinemasCaptainMarvelContest #CaptainMarvelContest #Marvel #Merchandise. @CarnivalCine. @gunjan4ever. @shankarrao15. @Priyansh_Batra
I don't count this month...and gotta watch Captain Marvel...must watch...
I really want Captain Marvel to be good, though. Im sure itll do women superheros justice (cough cough the irony) where Wonder Woman let them down.. Fuck this comic though.
Probably going to have to watch Captain Marvel next Monday or Tuesday.
My buddy and I were in the break room and when a Captain Marvel ad came on TV, we were talking about going to see it this weekend. The shitty ass old guy we work with said, "Wait, you're going to go see a super hero movie WITH A GIRL?!" Uh, yeah. It's 2019, girls can do stuff now
It happened during the review in Captain Marvel and it resulted in their livestream abruptly ending.
Captain Marvel is going to suck, isn't it?...
i sense no bias from twitter account Captain Marvel soon 
EVERYONE GO WATCH CAPTAIN MARVEL ITS AMAZING
how does a captain marvel layout sounds like
For the first time since The Dark Knight Trilogy I am more excited about a DC movie than a Marvel movie! SHAZAMS new trailer is soo good! And I wish Captain Marvels trailer was on that level..
Did you notice how if you try to preorder tickets for March 8 most theaters only are selling Captain Marvel.... Almost like they are trying to force it down our throats
The thing I find funny about the Captain Marvel haters is that they are literally all men and you can just tell by their Profile Pictures that theyre massive cunts
Captain Marvel
Captain marvel lai. Now. Tonight.
just saw a captain marvel commercial on TV pic.twitter.com/8jotOQJSyE
I rated Captain Marvel (2019) 6/10  #IMDb
im watching captain marvel on Thursday and possibly Saturday IM
My favorite turbonerd complaint about Captain Marvel is that people like the cat, just like feminist cat ladies amirite guys.
I feel like the Captain Marvel reviews have been so contradictory and all over the place. I'm worried, tbh.
Did you hear some theatres are only showing captain marvel opening weekend my local wont play any other movie for 5 days
#CaptainMarvel Is captain marvel set in another tone? Funny, dramatic or serious?
 wish DCd just taken the L in the 80s & started calling him Captain Thunder. Sure, the name Captain Marvel works better for a magic wizard-powered character than for the sci-fi/alien Captains of Marvel Comics, but... Marvel is the name for their whole COMPANY. Its over. 
need to watch captain marvel asap
Captain marvel
Just saw Captain Marvel. Really enjoyed the scene where she rips the dicks off thirty MRAs and throws them in the trash.
Captain Marvel Right :)
I don't understand Captain Marvel. I thought it was a Captain America spin off or somethin', why is the name of the franchise in the character's name, why does the name not point to any sort of personality like the others, it bugs me and I can't place it...
oh my god captain marvel is this month pic.twitter.com/skg0ch95ID
I wonder what will captain marvel think of tony
i dont trust anyone who didnt enjoy captain marvel. the movie was hilarious, powerful and had me at the edge of my seat the whole time. i loved it.
So anyway the Jonas Brothers are back and Captain Marvel is coming out Friday and Im living. How is everyone?
Captain Marvel on the ship at 11pm tomorrow night. Thankful I brought my jacket with me  #captainmarvel #disney
I am not ready for avengers endgame and @marvelstudios giving us captain marvel first isn't helping my anxiety at all send tweet.. #AvengersEndgame #Avengers #Marvel #CaptainMarvel
On March 8th dicover the hero within!  Captain Marvel opens in cinemas. Be a part of this epic adventure. 
ah but she was Ms. Marvel ... a derivative character from the male character Captain Marvel, his Supergirl, if you will.
i am obsessed with captain marvel
The 4 yr old and I had a lengthy conversation on the way to work regarding Captain America vs. Captain Marvel. I have been waiting for YEARS for these types of conversations. "Mom, who is the king of the superheroes?" "Stan Lee." "That's not right mom." LOL.
#BrieLarson. Looks like you are a white wash, hypocrite. 1st Captain Marvel was a beautiful strong black woman!!!. #CaptainMarvelChallenge
I asked a friend if he was going to watch captain marvel in theaters. he said if I have time, yes, but for a new marvel movie I always have time and THAT'S HOW WE WANT MEN TO REACT
I'm seeing Captain Marvel on Thursday night  pic.twitter.com/BSbTT7zLEm
i'm a straight white hispanic male and i'm gonna go watch captain marvel and try to enjoy it so i piss off EVERYONE
This Rotten Tomatoes-certified movie critic disliked Captain Marvel, but is refusing to give it a negative review so he doesn't "feed the incels". I wonder how many other critics are biting their tongues so they can be on the right side of history? pic.twitter.com/MdCmM9AQtV
Those old Captain Marvel comics deserve more attention and respect.
Captain Marvel time.
Critics applaud Captain Marvel's heroes but not its formulaic approach  . More here : 
Captain Marvel, .
We know you are excited about Captain Marvel @CulturessFS - check out these Captain Marvel inspired recipes that are #PoweringTheHeroWithin
TBF she was on the Captain Marvel site but you could literally transplant her into any activist group and it would be the same. They all think they are so different in their wacky clothes and dyed hair but are just carbon copies. Youd find more diversity from your days in HMFs
Next time I draw Im gonna try my hand at short hair Artemis. . The last time I did anyone with short/one sided hair was Captain Marvel (Carol) so well see how this goes.. (Art in the collage by Pete Woods, JasonTodd1Fan & Shoucolate respectively) pic.twitter.com/aYgmiEwNkD
Someone who has had a more significant film career than Brie Larson. The one who won an oscar for medicore acting. Do your research and stop being a sjw. i stand with others who will sit out captain marvel. let it fail. 
Yall GOT TO stop with the why are you giving this thing bad reception on the internet? Just ignore it like dawg, people are giving genuine criticism to Captain Marvel and some people are saying dont hate it, just dont watch the movie SHUT THE FUCK UP, its so invalid
I STAN CAPTAIN MARVEL
Dear @MarvelStudios If Thanos Snaps captain marvels neck in the opening credits of Endgame, you will make me the happiest woman alive! And many other women @thatstarwarsgrl @OdinsMovieBlog @JosiahRises @JessiMilestone @vivicaycara @yogibytheflypic.twitter.com/BUBdqyw9A3
maybe I should mute the words captain marvel spoilers, just in case
Will not watch it. Billy Batson is Captain Marvel, not his mom.
Captain Marvel tomorrow!
I know that my theater currently only shows Captain Marvel showtimes for Friday but that's typical for a Monday morning before they set what all the other holdovers will be.
if i see one of you post captain marvel spoilers imma unfollow so fast
Really since when? Oh is it because Captain Marvel is a woman? Yea it's not like we had a ton of white male superheroes before
If Captain Marvel is the worst MCU movie since Thor The Dark World I'll be fuming.
Weekend tix purchased. Despite the controversy, Mr. Ritcher goes to the movies to watch Captain Marvel. #BothWithinandWithoutpic.twitter.com/ha5qEqmtgT
Captain Marvel (sansspoilers) 
aw i wanna watch captain marvel
HIGHER. FURTHER. FASTER., Witness the rise of a hero, Captain Marvel Opens in cinemas #March15th! #WestAfrica 
also i got tickets to captain marvel pic.twitter.com/6O2JF3IPkr
It did used to work like that yes, but they officially dropped Captain Marvel as his name in the New 52 relaunch and also changed the Marvel Family to the Shazam Family.
I have not read any reviews of Captain Marvel yet but my guess is they all resemble pic.twitter.com/MH4fwTsL9b
omg somebody pls come watch captain marvel with me next week
And Captain Marvel just crashed through the roof.
That is a bunch of legal mumbo jumbo the name of the movie would be Shazam anyways and DC has been moving away from the name captain marvel for a long time
captain marvel is the only motivation i have to get through this week
Captain Marvel (2019). 
I was very much looking forward to Captain Marvel.. But only after I saw it I realised how much I needed to see it.. Last couple of days have been really hard for me. The film was unbelievably feel-good, but most importantly it made me believe I am good enough.
I mean wonder woman was a decent movie. I dont care about she-ra and the two first speak for themselves (rly shit). Captain marvel didn't work as a comic so make of that what you will.
I love both companies Captain Marvel but lets be real, there is real karma that DC cannot economically benefit from a trademark for a character they once sued out of existance...
all the hate towards brie larson/captain marvel made me furious at first but now its just funny how all these man babies are reacting cause they were called out  she shining bitch aint nothing you can do #CaptainMarvel
2 very popular opinions right now:. 1. Michael Jackson didnt molest anybody, because its impossible to definitively claim anything without proof. 2. Walt Disney came back to life to hack RottenTomatoes and delete the audience scores so Captain Marvel would make an extra $50
It's almost as if the review bombers weren't lying about captain marvel? Maybe it was actually the media hiding in anonymity on rotten tomato then blaming it on men. Having false backlash is very common on the left's side of things, as well as committing it.
ALSO THE SHAZAM TRAILER CAME UP BEFORE CAPTAIN MARVEL I WAS LIKE pic.twitter.com/qV4rlRITeP
why is people having doubts about captain marvel? like its so annoying.
Think ima watch captain marvel later
Mainly because she looks like Captain Marvel
How Brie Larson, classic introvert, became 'Captain Marvel': 'I want to grow'  via @USATODAY
This week's comics haul!. For some reason I missed the Life of Captain Marvel #3 but thankfully my local comic book store was able to find it for me so I could add it to the others! pic.twitter.com/RolgJUpu8j
captain marvel endgame and far from home are too close
Landing back from True/False to a timeline full of agita about the imminent lifting of the CAPTAIN MARVEL embargo is truly the hardest reset imaginable.
Black Widow > Captain Marvel and her solo movie will out sell Captain Marvel by 100 million.
People hating captain marvel
The way she's looking at Captain Marvel........just wow.  pic.twitter.com/MJJhqbaWbt
captain marvel trolls: pic.twitter.com/qVXkFOYnJy
Can't wait to watch Captain Marvel and prepare for Endgame!
ok whos watching captain marvel with me
captain marvel tomorrow  finally
I remember these same Boycott Captain Marvel guys all upset when Alamo Drafthouse had some ladies night screenings of WW.
Captain Marvel was pushed twice.. And Brie was cast in 2016 not 2015.. These are facts but it's not surprising that no matter what you'll conveniently worship your Mcu  pic.twitter.com/dPODeyfJ0I
i like how everyone who watched captain marvel so far has a cat pic
"Captain Marvel Rocks!" #CaptainMarvel 
None of it accurate. . Please...continue to spread the lie. Continue to be the problem . Continue to say review bombed. Quote all the legacy media that NEED captain marvel to do amazing, so they, one again, fabricate lies about trolls.. Brag about it even.... Liar.
Captain Marvel this weekend.. whos down?
US Air Forces Thunderbirds flying over Hollywood Blvd for the Captain Marvel Premiere! #CaptainMarvel #Marvel #MarvelStudios #USAirForce #US #AirForce #Thunderbirds #Movies #Moviepic.twitter.com/xcbu2rSaqz
catch me prowling around the library, slipping captain marvel comics onto every display possible #captainmarvel
why is everyone saying Captain Marvel is a strong female character Billy Baston is a little boy ya goofs
Wonder Woman and Battle Angel Alita and Black Widow prove that wrong...the issue with Captain Marvel is NOT that the character is female but that the character has no character arc...no weakness or vulnerability...and ultimately no appeal...
me @ captain marvel spoilers pic.twitter.com/9yTXKqlCWm
Got my ticket to see CAPTAIN MARVEL next Thursday night. As the legendary Bart Scott once said...CAN'T WAIT. pic.twitter.com/5gWJbbp8At
New post (Captain Marvel: Five questions we hope the film answers) has been published on  - 
Was wondering what the controversy over Captain Marvel was and found out that it's apparently because Brie Larson said she didn't care if white men saw the movie?? Good for her, it's hilarious that they are offended.
welp guess i have to see captain marvel myself to judge it
Forget about captain marvel GAME OF THRONES TRAILER JUST CAME OUT
I voted for #TeamCaptainMarvel on @TyltEntCaptain Marvel is more powerful than Superman 
can't wait to see his cameo in Captain Marvel
>Captain Marvel. >highly anticipated. >so highly anticipated that theaters are showing Captain Marvel exclusively because it is so highly anticipated pic.twitter.com/YDyLVA4Rus
Going into the Captain Marvel screening with low expectations. Not really a Brie Larson fan, so lets see!
three days until im gonna see captain marvel..... i cannot wait
cant wait to see my wife brie larson in captain marvel soon heheheh xoxo
captain marvel on fridayyyyy
Do you plan on seeing Captain Marvel? 
omg my dad bought tickets to see captain marvel on the weekend im so excitedsjsiwnwkaksk
i wish white men would put the energy they are using trolling review sites for captain marvel into literally,, anything else. do something productive with your lives your mom wants you to move out sometime soon
Scarlet Witch > Captain Marvel
Guess who got captain marvel tickets . For the 7th
Monday March 4th, Now Playing. "Green Book" (PG)-13) . Today - Thu: (4:35), 7:15. "How to Train Your Dragon 3" (PG). Today - Wed: (4:30), 6:45. Thu: 5:00 only. Starts Showing this Thursday night!. Marvel's "Captain Marvel" (PG-13). Thu: 7:15 only, Advance Screening pic.twitter.com/rAptYd4Xyl
I got the captain marvel this morning and I dont collect Star Wars but after seeing the glow, I shouldve gotten the Vader as well
i already bought tickets for captain marvel on thursday for us......... and we're watching happy death day 2u too...
CAPTAIN MARVEL THIS WEEK!
Captain Marvel tickets booked pic.twitter.com/UZ07oXK6JA
I've decided not to stream tonight so I can really focus on getting the details figured out for Captain Marvel! But I will be on @caffeine tomorrow at 9p ET to continue work on her! Hope to see you then!
me: i'm interested in captain marvel. us army: we support this movie and think it'll be a great recruitment tool and sponsored ads for it. me: i'm not interested in captain marvel
Captain Marvel movie started my agony and torture  of waiting for more than a month for Avengers End Game. Good lord I can't wait for End Game.
captain marvel guys!
The visual of actual Boba Fett teaming up with his wife and an old friend  possibly Godzilla? Dracula? Skeletor? David Bowie? WE DONT KNOW  to literally catch Captain Marvel just makes me weirdly & indescribably happy. 
I do find it funny that a recurring beat in Captain Marvel is basically the equivalent of an alt-right dude yelling at a woman DEBATE ME!!! on Twitter. 
Busy evening with schoolwork and putting some final touches on a - lets say notable release that I will officially announce this weekend, hoping itll get buried with everyones hot takes on Captain Marvel and American Gods to which its not at all related.
Majority of the men writing horrible tweets about Brie and Captain Marvel are obviously trolls and by commenting and quoting their tweets its encouraging them to write MORE horrible misogynistic tweets bruh
after watched captain marvel, also me: 'OMG I CAN'T WAIT FOR LOOOONGGGGGGG FOR THE AVENGERS END GAMEE'
I dont grok any of this fauxtroversy. The vast majority of Captain Marvel reviews are positive.  Its like people were spoiling for a fight that didnt happen. 
mm people werent asupset when it came to Wonder Womans movie. hell I actually think most of people complaining about Captain Marvel absolutely liked Wonder Woman so its not really about misogyny..its more about, well, the character of Captain Marvel
Captain Marvel movie dedicated to Utah Valley grad killed last year in Thunderbirds crash 
Captain Marvel Realistic Sketch!. #sketch #sketchbook #art #artwork #artworks #draw #drawingwhileblack #drawing #drawings #drawingofthedaypic.twitter.com/LOOFJqV2cb
Captain Marvel, meet mini Captain Marvel. @captainmarvel @CaptMarvelNews @brielarson #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/d8RgCQpbxS
At least there's CAPTAIN MARVEL, which I might see with a new friend of mine, but I'll be living off PB&J sandwiches while just trying to pass the time at home otherwise. I'd like to go out to eat and do other things but, well, I don't want to be in the position I am now. Again.
Captain marvel "want to see %" on rotten tomatoes was so low that they took the % straight out the website same as when Amy Schumer leather special was so bad % score on Netflix that they're took it out and now it's just  and
Captain marvel teaches little white girls that even they can participate in imperalism.
Captain Marvel on Friday with @Steele_HR means it's time to finish the Marvel marathon tonight and tomorrow. Tonight, Black Panther and Ragnarok. Tomorrow, Ant-Man and the Wasp, and Infinity War. pic.twitter.com/CwkBrxQudR
Trolls targeted 'Captain Marvel' and Brie Larson but Disney was ready for them 
Captain Marvel is coming soon!!
I think maybe the advertising for Captain Marvel shouldn't be as jovial as it is. Obviously I haven't watched the movie, so maybe it's fitting. But that's the vibe I would expect from a GOTG movie; comic book Carol Danvers has some gravity to her
Shazam! and Captain Marvel both being new movies right now is really weird
rt/like to join a captain marvel hype gc!. - love the cast. - scream together. - no spoilers until everyone in the gc has seen the movie. - become friends uwu
Ditto. I am very excited for Captain Marvel, with the full knowledge that is going to be a two hour ad for the US Air Force. 
Hate to break this to you but Captain Marvel is not a real person either.
its officially monday here captain marvel comes out this week
Ang hot ni Captain Marvel puta imma watch
i'm so unbelievably broke right now between all my medical shit, bills, things needing repairs & other unexpected costs, i'd given up on doing much of anything this month but i just got gifted GC tickets for Captain Marvel & i thought i wasn't going to get to see it i'm
I wonder how many hot takes about Captain Marvel's (and later Endgame's) box office will take into account the pretty drastic box office declines across the board the last six months or so.. Guessing none.
"Hi, I'm new!" Captain Marvel's Brie Larson on joining The Avengers... W...  via @YouTube
The Endgame one has been playing IMAX in the UK since Aquaman - we even caught it the other week at a screening of Gravity, both it and Dark Phoenix should be with Captain Marvel (but will ultimately depend on your cinema) 
Captain Marvel & Endgame
Okay Im ready for Captain Marvel now
You when Captain Marvel starts getting solid reviews from critics and it grosses over $100M this weekend. pic.twitter.com/a7AyTSvcoe
am i the only one not excited for captain marvel? oh ok i am.
also i saw captain marvel last night and i wont post anything plot related for a while but it was So Good!!!! pls go see it
And again, same at my university at the top Captain Marvel, no break in the page to show the next film, only Captain Marvel. pic.twitter.com/fXTCW9KqG0
To harness more outrage and get more clicks on even more YouTube videos, they'll purchase and then destroy Captain Marvel action figures and comics.
I'd just like to formally apologize for any and all future superhero spams. I'm as big a Marvel nerd as I am a Disney nerd, and Captain Marvel has me PUMPED.
Captain Marvel  Marvels first movie built around a woman  is not the empowering thrill it wants to be 
Captain Marvel drops next week and i cant wait pic.twitter.com/H90tjxon7n
People said Captain Marvel was going to be bad... And of course said people were sadly mistaken I cant wait to see it
seeing captain marvel is 6 days ahhh
Thing is,I probably won't see it,at least not until home release, nothing to do with her it's mostly Marvel's fault for not setting up Rick Jones in a hulk movie, what always compelled me about Captain Marvel was Rick being fused with him, the Kree stuff just doesn't do it for me
captain marvel 
what would you like to do right now, like right right now, it could be anything  me, my rocking chair, dog and captain marvel pls 
istg you will catch this block if you post captain marvel or endgame spoilers
Captain Marvel haters NEED TO SHUT UP
Watching these credits so I can see that sweet Captain Marvel/Nick Fury scene.
At least not with the same crowd. Im sure the intersection between The Room and Captain Marvel isnt exactly large
thursdays gonna be a lot im gonna just die bc of how excited i am for captain marvel and i have class and work from 8am to 9pm
Sad excuse for a human being.. Odd, no mention of Captain Marvels white privilege, I mean, why did the aliens choose a privileged white girl when they could have picked a POC. What kind of intersteller race would do such a regressive thing?
Men are always the more logical and rational of the sexes until you mention Captain Marvel. Then they become mopey puddles of goo.
I think i get what shes trying to say but her delivery was horrible. Shes basically saying WW and captain marvel are for little girls and boys to have strong female role models like they would make superheroes. She just literally didnt explain that clearly.
Hosers gonna hose. And Captain Marvel hosers hose hardest.
Scrolling through @Twitter and came across a picture of #CaptainMarvel and my son asked me who is that?. Me: That's Captain Marvel. . Son: She's amazing.
no spoilers but get ready for a No Doubt song in Captain Marvel .....and its sickening!
Really? They make two Captain Marvel pops and its not even out but Im sat here waiting years for just one Wile. E. Coyote! Wtf
What was your first thought Brie putting on the Captain Marvel suit (both the green one and the regular one)?
Huge leak: Watch the credits scene that links Captain Marvel to Avengers: Endgame 
I feel like there are some who will blame Captain Marvel for this 
Wonder Woman criticism: "She's too skinny and small to play Wonder Woman. We expected a musclebound woman.". Captain Marvel criticism: "Why is the actress telling off the majority of Marvel's audience? Also, please don't make her a Mary Sue."
I'd look up worldclassbullshitters YouTube video on "The Captain Marvel Conspiracy" he basically calls it.
And none of those grossing films advertised and marketed itself in the way that Captain Marvel did so you're literally making a pointless comparison.. You've missed the point entirely. Marvel Comics has been run into the ground by people who think that shoehorning in diversity...
Captain Marvel alone was just above average superhero origin movie BUT its connection to the whole mcu made it EPIC! 4/5 for me
Thank you for joining us and welcome to the Captain Marvel Twitter Party with moderators @TheCreativeSAHM & @savvymamalife #WDWEventChat #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/P7Zi8l7jUj
reading angry men's replies to captain marvel tweets is my favorite form of entertainment
'Captain Marvel' goes higher, further, faster in its world premiere 
WILL SOMEONE IN LA PLEASE SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL WITH ME (serious inquiries onlylooking for the real fans)  at Johnny Rockets
Thats nothing. I can push* a car*** full of people**. .  Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car   *eat. **donuts. ***lorry
i want to see captain marvel in the cinema..
CAPTAIN MARVEL CONTROVERSY . CAPTAIN MARVEL DEMOTED TO SERGEANT SPECTACLE!. COMMANDER WONDER TO COMMENT
we going midnight screening of captain marvel pic.twitter.com/6joeMUC6Zj
IM SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL THIS WEEKEND I AM BEYOND PUMPED MARVEL COULD TAKE MY FIRST CHILD I LOVE THEM SO MUCH
I'm not familiar with what she may have said or done in the past, but her interview about A Wrinkle In Time I feel is being taken out of context. She's also never said she hates white males, or won't interview with white journalists, or doesn't want whites seeing Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel arrives in theaters this Friday! Stop into the Children's Room and read up on other awesome female superheroes!. #marvel #captainmarvel #superheroes #superhero #female #hero #read #reading #kidsbooks #childrensbooks #ilovebaldwinlibny #girlpowerpic.twitter.com/Q6p7ZX4a9F
Okay, rant time.. One argument that people who prefer the name Shazam over Captain Marvel use is "Captain Marvel isn't an actual Captain.". My response:. "Yeah, and Hector Hall isn't an actual Doctor, so should his name not be Doctor Fate?"
HI CAPTAIN MARVEL!
J. Johns. Told it honest about TLJ and is brave enough to do the same with Captain Marvel..."falls flat...a feminist message piece...Wonder Woman did it better...CM was not relatable...not terrible, not great.". 
if any of you spoil Captain Marvel, im blocking your sorry asses
Captain Marvel... Who is that.... Is he like Captain kangaroo?. I loved Captain Kangaroo, so wholesome!
Gail, Does Ms. Marvel.... (I'm sorry CAPTAIN Marvel) have the same personality or as tragic of a backstory as Vietnam vet turned wanted vigilante Frank Castle ?
Captain Marvel comics to read if you're excited about the movie  March 04, 2019 at 02:34PM
White men are real mad at Captain Marvel! Lmao!
"Captain Marvel" is pacing to win big as it soars into theaters this weekend. Senior Media Analyst @PDergarabedian shares his predictions with @RFaughnderin @latimes:
It worked out pretty well for Ghostbusters and Star Wars. Captain Marvel will be the best Marvel movie yet!
Captain Marvel whatsuppP!! 
brie is really taking the whole captain marvel thing and fucking running with it. queen.
#COMINGSOON : CAPTAIN MARVEL pic.twitter.com/y7kgM6j2nL
Captain Marvel block screening!! hehe :>. >>"Celebrate International Women's Day with Girl Up Philippines on March 8, 2019 at UP Town Center Cinema 2! Tickets are at P450/ea! Reserve your ticket here now! "<<
Bout to get my tickets for Captain Marvel @CoachMJHuie2123
Who u going to watch Captain Marvel with?  Junior 
To be fair, Captain Marvel hit 26% before RT lost their minds.
Captain Marvel opens at The Brokaw Thursday, March 7. Get your tickets now either at our box office or online through Fandango. Get showtimes here:  #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/fhdGCuhW5q
Random angry white guy: Im not seeing it. Do you hear me? I said Im TOTALLY not gonna watch Captain Marvel!
Also I've never seen a single movie trying so hard to prove something to the world. Wonder Woman didn't need to do all the shit they're doing with Captain Marvel, the movie was just good and that was enough for everybody.
@Timcast . You have to go see Captain Marvel right away. You're obsessed. How many videos?
Im honestly super pumped for Captain Marvel!
Didnt say it did, but your group seems to forget that Captain Marvel is far from the symbol of minorities when Alita is a direct minority with many people loving the film. Ive seen plenty of white dudes loving a minority female lead actress, but them white men are sexist right?
@TriggerMeHappy_ Captain Marvel on Thursday. What that schedule look like
There tend to be few independent theaters who will ONLY show the big releases such as Captain Marvel
ROFL! PANIC ENSUES AS THE FANDOM MENACE CRUSHES ROTTEN TOMATOES ON STAR WARS IX AND CAPTAIN MARVEL! 
Captain marvel in 4 days and Im so excited
So mad that Im gonna miss the Captain Marvel movie the day it comes out... I know social media gonna ruin it
But yooo Captain Marvel. 5 days. Im fucking ready for Carol Danvers
at the end of the day brie will forever be more successful and make a bigger impact on the world than every single white man crying about captain marvel
The two dudes in the seats behind me at the movie theater today who seriously complained that Captain Marvel was "too badass" a character. What.
My captain marvel movie ticket was 25 cents wtf
Oh fuck I have to buy Captain Marvel tickets tomorrow.
@ThatKevinSmith have you seen Captain Marvel yet?. #thankyoustan
Alternative title for captain marvel: Brie Larson and her Oscar save the mcu
If thinking about how people will be mad about Captain Marvel fills you with contempt, or makes you feel you've been wronged somehow, you've been on the internet too goddamn long and should really be ashamed of yourself for having such delicate sensibilities. 
captain marvel comes out in five day. FIVE DAYS! FFIVEBJE DAYSYHSNS?????
oh and sorry if i died since i lost interest but NOW i'm back since i'll be watching a block screening of captain marvel on wednesday uwu
captain marvel, gimane?
i am ! so ! happy ! captain marvel was amazing, this movie really made my day im in love with brie she is portraying carol so well i couldnt even expect more
The girl playing captain marvel jawline is just so annoying to look at! Head built like a cube face ass!
@ men who arent seeing Captain Marvel because it pushes an agenda - do yall know how dumb you sound?
@GraceRandolph when do captain marvel reviews become public?
huhu freeday paras captain marvel plssss
Well said! I'm so happy to see the MCU welcoming more diverse role models to film and I can't wait to see Captain Marvel, this opening weekend!
Okay, I am ready for Captain Marvel and will be writing a movie review! #Marvel #CaptainMarvel. 
Ans) Gamora,Scarlet Witch,Captain Marvel,Black Widow.  #CinepolisIndia #Contest #MarvelSuperWomen #Vouchers. @IndiaCinepolis. @rantsbygeorge. @abhishek2526. @AbhTwts
Mfs were so butthurt about captain marvel they gave fake reviews  didnt even see it yet
Captain Marvel is a movie that has not been released in theaters yet. Please stop.
I'm not sure I'm allowed to say this as a woman, but Captain Marvel just doesn't look all that interesting, and I LOVE MCU movies. Certainly not paying theater prices to see it.
Everything you need to know about Captain Marvel's cat 
when are you seeing captain marvel??  friday at 3pm!! 
Omg!!!! Captain Marvel is AMAZING!!!!! And I LOVE Goose!!!!! Cant say anything more, had to sign papers and phones were locked up even! #captainmarvel #goose #gingercat #catsofmarvel 
Got my Captain Marvel tickets for next Thursday
The thing that kills me about the Captain Marvel backlash: What Brie said about white males on her press tour wasn't offensive at all. She just advocated for people of other demos to be fairly included in the tour, too. What was offensive about THAT?
This is what white males think of themselves when they tweet Im not seeing Captain Marvel. pic.twitter.com/6FPAZYdYuB
@DDayCobra My plan for watching Captain Marvel is: not, watching it in theaters, read spoilers and watch a pirated version. And why would I do that? Simply because Im hyped for End Game.
I took great pleasure today in teaching co-workers about the *real* Captain Marvel movie coming out. #Shazampic.twitter.com/RomGd12dO0
Willing to go see captain marvel by myself
Done with Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel this month. Endgame next month.. Smooth sailing.
Was it ever anyones contention that captain marvel was taken aeay from them? nobody fucking cares about carol danvers. Its just the truth. This image doesnt make me feel anything that he said, but i still dont care to see the movie. Apathy isnt hostility.
CAPTAIN MARVEL INKING TEASER. .. .. .. #captainmarvel #brielarson #fanart #artist #artwork #art #marvel #marvelstudios #movie #comics #inking #inkwork #ink #wip #workinprogress #doodle #drawing #draw #frenchartist #illustration #caricature #posca... 
Captain Marvel was a nice interlude which means End Game is a bit closer.
I dont care who leads what movie. . I just want to see great movies.. What sucks is over hype of movies like black panther and Wonder Woman ( and soon to be captain marvel) because of a persons race or sex is crazy.
Captain Marvel IMAX tickets obtained - Im actually more excited about this than I was for Black Panther - the Kree, the 90s and an actual 4-legged feline co-star! . #CaptainMarvel #flerken #GooseTheCat. 
**Not a spoiler** Putting my money where my mouth is. Captain Marvel will turned to dust by The Decimation at the end of Captain Marvel or within the opening scene in Endgame.
Not for all characters. Ex thanos dead pool captain marvel tony
Black panther was still really good.  I gave it like a 8.5.  But no way was it better than Ragnarok or Winter soldier.   Captain Marvel looking like it's gonna be in the 6 range.  Wonder woman still bae
I was hoping i'd have my Connor Hawke video up by now so that I could do a similar one for Carol Danvers in advance for Captain Marvel but that may not happen.
I've got my tickets to Captain Marvel booked!. So in celebration of it here's a shout out to my favourite Captain Marvel cosplayer  @HeroineForHire. #CarolDanvers #Cosplay #Binary #Marvel 
I'm just hoping Patty Jenkins (Wonder Woman Director) will watch Captain Marvel and give some comments.
What the Skrull is going on today ? Well we have episode 58 up. Plus we deep dive int Captain Marvel. And talk Bowser taking over Nintendo!. #captainmarvel #avengersinfinitywar #guardiansofthegalaxy #blackpanther #scarletwitch #captainamericacivilwarpic.twitter.com/xul8fETs9x
How can one ask "why do we need Captain Marvel?", simply put we don't need her... We WANT her
I like Marvel Movies and Captain Marvel comes out next week but for some reason i just dont care about it and inthink its gonna be a lame movie
it was literally the captain marvel premiere
"Scenes out of captain marvel feel right out of a military recruitment ad" cool cool cool exciting really makes me want to see it
i'm so excited to see phil in captain marvel omfg
Is there any legitimate reason why people are hating on Captain Marvel before it's even released or are all the complaints just "hurr durr woman hero bad"
I usually go to Marvel movies with either my bro or my bff and theyre both not in the country by the time Captain Marvel is out in theatres
I loved alita but i reslly hate that it is been used as some asshat crussade against captain marvel...
So whos Captain Marvel?
Captain Marvel
do we think there's gonna be a huge wave of new marvel stans after captain marvel or a4 or both
My 2 cents: If you want more progress and diversity in Hollywood you HAVE to support movies like #AlitaBattleAngel because supporting Captain Marvel wont do it. Just saying.
Right: So weird how Shazam used to be Captain Marvel and the long history of ownership rights has us with, technically, two Captain Marvels at once. Weird but cool!. Wrong: SHAZAM IS THE REAL CAPTAIN MARVEL AND NOT SOME GIRL WITH COOTIES.
This shit is really making me want to *not* watch Captain Marvel. 
Brie Larson shines bright in her debut as Captain Marvel 
People hating on Lena Luthor or Captain Marvel (and on Katie McGrath / Brie Larson too) are trash.. Thanks for coming to my TED talk pic.twitter.com/ssEkmnmFAJ
Listen to the critics you historically like. Know you wont always agree with them. Know that disliking Captain Marvel doesnt make someone sexist. But also know that this movie more that annnnny other female-led genre movie Ive seen drills deep into something distinctly WOMAN.
convinced my friend and seeing captain marvel tomorrow
IM GOING TO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW!!!!
@British_Airways can I have a free plane ticket to watch Captain Marvel
* 'Captain Marvel' throws back to the '90s with optical illusion posters designed to make you hate your... ~r/Mashable/~3/4Btg1ClIHSY/ @mashable
rumor has it that if you hate on captain marvel samuel l jackson himself will show up at the foot of your bed in the middle of the night with a machete
When is Captain Marvel released in the UK? Movie release date, cast, trailer, plot, theories and more - Radio Times 
Just watched captain marvel and now I think Brie Larson is hot af
I suppose that's the only thing that makes sense to me. They've already planned Captain Marvel because it's the guaranteed popular movie and are still adjusting their schedules around it. . It's still weird that EVERY theater works like that though.
Captain Marvel doesnt look interesting to me. Plus was ruined for me by the actor for Captain Marvel. For her racist, sexist, and agest comment she made against white men. Also I really hate how the media is trying to portray does who dont like her as trolls
@brielarson just letting you know that you are basically inspiring me to get my homework complete bc I have it in my head right now that the sooner I get it now the sooner I see Captain Marvel so keep it up I guess sis
Maybe the fact they changed  captain marvel to a female role? I don't know. Never been a fan really.. And the fact she brought RACE into it is enough of an argument for me. She could have easily gave minorities access without making "white dudes" the enemy. Not hard to do.
Looks like Captain Marvel is gonna be divided like The Last Jedi, but not Thor 2 levels.
Lol what? Are people actually mad about Captain Marvel? . Or are we so gone as a country now that we just make up outrage that isnt even happening? 
People dont hate captain marvel because the main characters a girl, people hate it because the concepts fucking boring
captain marvel is too political and feminist for white men to handle because they will never experience what carol or any other woman has experienced being a woman and being told by men constantly what we can and cant do. its political to them, but to us its reality.
Review: Captain Marvel gets an average introduction 
THIS WEEK IN SAC:. Monday- Captain Marvel Ticket Sale at 2pm in GSC. Wednesday- Midterm Care Packages. Thursday- Captain Marvel Premiere (buses leave at 6:15pm)
woke up to my baby buying me tickets for captain marvel! So blessed
Gemma Chan attends Marvel Studios 'Captain Marvel' Premiere on March 04, 2019 in Hollywood, California. (part 1) . (via getty images) pic.twitter.com/Y84Qo2fNEX
How to train like Captain Marvel, physically and mentally 
@RottenTomatoes Why are you guys protecting Captain Marvel, you guys sold out and lost your credibility.
GB:ATC, Gamergate, Star Wars, Captain Marvel... I hate to say it, but the incel rage has diminished my love of reading media about the franchises I dig. Theyre afraid anything starring a woman makes them somehow less of a man. It does, but not for the reasons they think
Who tryna see Captain Marvel this weekend. Who ready to see me cry watching Captain Marvel this weekend.
Im going to be seeing Captain Marvel this Saturday!
Arena the captain marvel when?i'm Sorry Bad Speak English
@CaptainMarvelOK . WATCH CAPTAIN MARVEL (2019) FULL MOVIE HD 720p @Marvel_VF_2019 . 
But, captain marvel is a woman, and rogue absorbs all her power. Thats why rogue has uber power in comics. Im waiting for that in the next infinity war. I don't know, maybe. Thats the storyline. Of course when rogue was supervillian raised by mystique
@brielarson I was super excited about Captain Marvel. I've loved the character for years. Unfortunately, I'm a "white male" and you've made it pretty clear you don't want "us" supporting you. Im disappointed, but I'll be respectful and stay away until I'm welcome.
Decades-old courtroom clash opened door for Marvel's 'Captain Marvel' movie - Hickory Daily Record 
*sees people talking shit from both sides about Captain Marvel having bad reviews*. ... it's at 84% on RT you spoiled fucks. There are literally Oscar winners with lower.. So it's not Ragnarok or Black Panther. And? Almost nothing is.
I feel like a proud mom seeing @MckennaGraceful in the red carpet for Captain Marvel
i am not talking about captain marvel, forget it.
People are so concerned about the "buzz" behind "Captain Marvel" as if Marvel heads won't watch it regardless & based on how good it is they'll spread the word & it's good from there. Remember the "buzz" behind "Venom"? Cats went anyways strictly to see if it was a trainwreck...
Everything you need to know about Captain Marvel's cat pic.twitter.com/zUxeZCHyeP
No idea I haven't seen Alita yet. And I refuse to watch Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel was awesome
men boycotting captain marvel is the funniest thing to happen so far this year... its like, get over yourselves?????
The Captain Marvel hater trolls on this post are hilarious. Such butthurt.
im at a party drinking copious amounts of alcohol; I managed to find 2 marvel dudes here. This was our convo:. Dude-bro1: captain marvel is an absolute unit . Me: FUCK YEAH shes a bad bitch . Dude-bro2: i hope the movie is good. Bro1: it will be, brie Larson moved a CAR
**Minor spoiler for Captain Marvel** But gosh this is so true!! 
I liked Alita but it would have been nice to know it was part one. I'm going to see Captain Marvel and will make my own judgement. Hoping it's good.
It might be set in the '90s but Captain Marvel is a film of the moment: a clever, funny, and unashamedly feminist story of identity, empowerment and self-actualisation. #CaptainMarvel
Disney monopolizing the movie distribution chain to try to jack up the box office for Captain Marvel, and then trumpet whatever success it has on feminism while blaming any failure on the patriarchy.  #BoycottCaptainMarvel
Guys really thru Captain Marvel in the mix LOL Thanks for the reminder though 
captain marvel date w my boo @_areshaikh 10/10
Captain Marvel hates white men? How and why? 
Tired: not watching a boring looking movie. Wired: comparing captain marvel to the holocaust 
Captain Marvel is just p e r f e c t OMG
@2019_predicts PREDICTION ABOUT CAPTAIN MARVEL?
I love that shot of the girl watching Carol flying, its like the spirit of the movie in one shot. Captain Marvel, Carol Danvers and Brie Larson are here to inspire a lot of new generations of girls to be stronger and of boys to be respectful.
Well, no. He is wrong. When was he right?. Ms Marvel =/= Captain Marvel.
aAAAaAaAh I WANNA WATCH CAPTAIN MARVEL SO BADDDDD
Does aybody want to see Captain Marvel with me
Oh oh and the Black woman in the trailer? In the comics she has also been Captain Marvel.  After Carol Danvers.  And also before.  Because of time travel
Who tryna see Captain Marvel next Friday/Saturday?
 | Elizabeth at the Captain Marvel premiere in Hollywood, California [03/04/2019] pic.twitter.com/dDiTk5X5Nt
Self-reliant: 'Captain Marvel' is far more than 'Endgame' primer 
You literally have no proof I misogynist. Youre just doing it because youd rather believe Im that then I just dont think the captain Marvel movie will be good.
Why, are you writing about Captain Marvel?! ;-)
So excited to see Captain Marvel in two weeks
When your going to see Captain Marvel this weekend simply out of duty towards Marvel, fully knowing it's going to be a shitty movie starred by a shitty actress...
No one disrespects Captain Marvel on my watch 
Im really excited to see captain marvel.. I noticed Im working so if I cant find someone to cover Im calling out !
Just remember this weekend I am seeing Captain Marvel with a couple of old good friends after work. So at least that is something to keep me going socially for this week
okay so im not seeing captain marvel on the 7th sadly but im seeing it on the 8th so im probably gonna be ia on twitter from the 6th to the 8th to advoid spoilers pic.twitter.com/IEAxgwOUBM
What aspect of Captain Marvel will connect with audiences the most?
Brie Larson gets emotional at 'Captain Marvel' premiere: 'I'm crying a lot today' 
Not usually. Aquaman was around 80% after 100 reviews and they didn't certify that. They've certified Captain Marvel pretty quick to be honest. Aquaman was still mid-70's from around 150 reviews still wasn't certified.
Captain Marvel . World Premiere . Hollywood, California pic.twitter.com/bRk6hTP82b
As much as I cant wait to watch captain marvel, Im more excited to see @clarkgregg in a marvel movie again!! #agentcoulson #marvel #clarkgregg #captainmarvel 
brie larson serving captain marvel inspired looks at every premiere....couldnt have asked for a better carol danvers thank you maam pic.twitter.com/udoPA22UBF
You know, I've been seeing the WND's run up to Captain Marvel the last few weeks on YT, and it's fair to say, they've been pushing their vitriol for some time now. . I have no skin in this game, but Captain Marvel isin't really my jam. But the trailers looked pretty tight.
I'm so excited to watch captain marvel! 
CAPTAIN MARVEL IS OUT THIS WEEK!!! I CANNOT WAIT TO SEE MY GIRL @brielarson ON THE BIG SCREENS pic.twitter.com/NYgokoVVbh
These people bashing Brie and Captain Marvel and putting Sadie Stanley in the middle of it is stupid.
The best thing about Captain Marvel is when Rogue gets her powers...lets skip to that part.
OMG DOES CAPTAIN MARVEL HAVE A CAT
I'll see endgame, I'm just not really into captain marvel as a character, but since I have $5 dollar Tuesdays at my theater I'll see it.
if a few cherry-picked articles and tweets are making people mad, maybe they should ignore these tweets and articles that they know they are not gonna like to avoid the cycle. I would have to say letting captain marvel be a symbol for feminism is a perfect ideal.
"Captain Marvel Rocks!" #CaptainMarvel 
Captain Marvel movie wasnt great? Idk why anyone is surprised Marvel is horrible with its female characters.
ive never seen so much love and excitement for captain marvel on my tl before this makes me happy
Why do ppl behind verified accounts think their bad comments or bad takes about famous fictional characters( Kylo Ren/ Captain Marvel etc) on this bird app have any profound impact? These laser brains are so delusional
@ManaByte did you see Captain Marvel concept art leak? Do you think it's just an unused design or  is it in the movie?
Thats false, marvel trademarked the name Captain Marvel first. 
Cool. So whats the latest Brie Larson/Captain Marvel/Star Wars thing to piss you off today? Id love to know
I'm guessing most of the angry trolls, wern't even born when The First Captain Marvel died.  She's  taking his place.. And I bet they will still watch it. pic.twitter.com/kX80LdEz2m
i just realized that both captain marvels are getting a movie within a month of each other . theres no way that that's not even a little intentional
@AOC captain marvel?
We have closed for the evening.. Our staff are off to hunt for the wilderpeople.. I'm seeing Captain Marvel on Friday and can't wait!
This makes no sense at all. Captain Marvel is a feminist propaganda movie. Whoever made this decision surely wasn't your so much hated Trump.
CAPTAIN MARVEL POST CREDIT SCENE THAT'S ALL I HAVE TO SAY
i didn't see captain marvel yet but i'm already excited for captain marvel 2, it be like that sometimes
This is the month I've been waiting for since freshman year. I find out from all of my colleges AND see Captain Marvel. Not to be dramatic but all of high school has led up to the next 31 days. no I'm not panicking
Woke social justice warriors are gonna be the ones who'll collapse the Captain Marvel movie for goodness sake..........I wouldn't watch it, but when it goes broke, I'm gonna be so ready with popcorns to see it happen.
captain marvel didnt beat psg 3-1 at home
just bought captain marvel tickets bitches B))
Cant wait to see captain marvel tmrw night
imagine being a white man and missing out on captain marvel because of brie. CAN'T RELATE BECAUSE THIS BITCH JUST BOOKED HER SEAT FOR WEDNESDAY WOOO
When the Marvel logo appeared at the beginning of Captain Marvel,,, yeah I was already crying. pic.twitter.com/HAFIryvIw1
just saying i won't be on much until after march 15th because i can't watch captain marvel until then and i want to avoid spoilers.. love you guys. pic.twitter.com/d7C0m8g0S8
A new episode of "Visual Recreation!" . The "essential video guide" to help you win FML. . This week Joey and Drew discuss "Captain Marvel.". 
what's with all these pressed people suddenly jump to the hates on captain marvel bandwagon?? if y'all don't want to watch the movie then shut tf up lmao
captain marvel wuz so good!!!
Who wants to go to the movies on us?  We have 2 sets of 4 tickets for the Thursday March 7th 7:30 pm screening of Captain Marvel at Cinemark Movie Bistro Lake Charles.  Perfect for the family or night out with... 
This restaurant in Brickfields just played the Tamil dubbed version of the Captain Marvel Trailer on their Television. Now when the movie comes out, I dont think I can watch it the same way anymore.
JUST BOUGHT MY CAPTAIN MARVEL TICKETS FOR THURSDAY pic.twitter.com/R4KumR2d4h
I'm proper ready for Captain Marvel. I got my shoes on and my pins, and my bag. Bring it! #CaptainMarvel #HigherFurtherFaster
@badrianacarril1 finally done it book my ticket for captain marvel seeing it when its released Friday pic.twitter.com/aRa5BU7Sri
So Captain Marvel wears NIN shirts and I've worn them about 30 years (currently I'm wearing 3 layers of NIN, 2 tshirts and a hoodie).....does this mean I'm a superhero? @captainmarvel
#Thala #Ajithkumar will be perfect for #Thor says @MsKajalAggarwal in #HerInEveryHero Captain Marvel promotions in South India #CaptainMarvel Promotions #Chennaipic.twitter.com/M8gZEqH35z
Captain marvel comes out this weekend
some of y'all treating Captain Marvel like it's BvS and Justice League all over again already enough damn
I managed to get Joe Russo and Clark Greggs signature on my Captain Marvel Pop at the premier  pic.twitter.com/CoLOrQxgEt
sorry y'all I love and support women but my hatred for Disney trumps my desire to see Captain Marvel...just a personal thing
I almost read captain marvel spoilers by a french girl because the movie came out :)) and then I read @capsheroes 's tweet and oh marty I'm scared
The sad part is if we really did sit this out, Marvel would never make another Captain Marvel movie, the character would fade to obscurity, there's already too much drama, and for a movie to bomb, Disney would never ok another solo for her.
did he still have a cameo in captain marvel?
The glow in the dark collection is really staring to grow!  Spirit Yoda, Sark, Shazam, Captain Marvel and Doctor Strange Ghost Rider...and they are only 5 out of the dozen that are in my 
got our captain marvel tickets for tomorrow and can I say my fav part of this design is definitely goose  pic.twitter.com/LjxcDmo0IS
Couldnt they find any other actress to play Captain Marvel?
IM GOING TO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL ON FRIDAY LETSSSS GOOOO
Captain Marvel will prolly be the answer.
NOW SHOWING -SEASON OPENS! Friday, March 8, 9, 10 - Screen 2- ONLY- Screen 1 was damaged by high winds recently and is being repaired.  Movies: Captain Marvel (PG-13) & Mary Poppins (PG) movies begin at: 7 PM Theatre box office opens at: 6 PM $9 Adults; $4 Children pic.twitter.com/lg9XkOC61v
You wanna make your little Captain Marvel movie?  Go ahead.   But keep her out of my #Avengers.  . I'll die on this hill.
Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car  
What If they tag team his ass oh man but I think captain marvel is too powerful for him
Somebody watch Captain Marvel with me on Thursday please :( Guys only.. cheret
Captain Marvel (comic book version) by @fotismint just finished, available from @myminifactory. Printed in Rushmere3D Mica Pewter (link on profile) on my custom D-Bot. #3dprint #marvel 
Me reading that all the captain marvel showtimes are sold out thursday AND friday pic.twitter.com/STq4D2XELS
Captain Marvel gave me the same visceral reaction that Nike commercials do. Pretty alright movie through-and-through
on Letterboxd, he rated Green Book higher than Captain Marvel. Thats ALL you need to know about the kind of dude he is
Finally bought my Captain Marvel movie ticket. Dunno why I waited so long to get around to it.
my crush is slowly breaking my heart but he is being a sweet heart and asked me if he could go with me on saturday to watch captain marvel ummm I AM NOT OK SIS
Came from seeing Captain Marvel and it was pretty good. No spoilers! Brie Larson is a great lead for this ensemble. It gets better each act & it had a very odd sense of humour, even for a MCU-film, but maybe that's just me. What they did with the intro was great. Overall, 7.6/10
My  review of Captain Marvel on @letterboxd:
I actually found in at least 1 theater chain Captain Marvel is the only film you can pre-order tickets for an entire week (this Thursday to next Thursday). pic.twitter.com/sVW89sibfd
The U.S. Air Force's Thunderbirds exhibition squadron wowed movie fans in Los Angeles when pilots flew over the 'Captain Marvel' movie premiere on Hollywood Boulevard pic.twitter.com/PwhnL4Hkyh
Film Review: 'Captain Marvel' 
Captain Marvel Thursday!
@bowlestrek My Subscription box is filled with Marvel trying to get me to watch Captain Marvel... i don't think I've seen this many videos by Marvel before pic.twitter.com/N8hRE0Iitp
"Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car"  
Captain marvel: just enough water. Civil war: too much water
Are you backing her assertion that Captain Marvel is somehow meaningful to Women of Color? If so, explain
CAPTAIN MARVEL IN TWO DAYS pic.twitter.com/nW3XwoNkPz
Captain marvel dolo
Nick! He will make other champs better and captain marvel isnt super new or inter since she already has 2 versions lol
I told my bros when I touchdown in AZ Im tryna watch Captain Marvel on that Sunday.
Captain Marvel this weekend? @Baidoku @AReallyNiceDude  what day does @heeyyitsviv get in?
Wait, wut?! Captain Marvel is a girl?! Must've missed the ad campaign.
Captain Marvel was...
Shes too adorable! Youre bringing her up 100%. Captain Marvel and Kylo
Captain Marvel full movie HD 1080p. Streamnow  New movie now available . #CaptainMarvel #CaptainMarvelMovie #Marvel pic.twitter.com/XSYbJoK0Pu
might fuck around today and go see Captain Marvel by myself pic.twitter.com/vUpCQ9eSbb
so gutted Im not gonna be able to see captain marvel on opening night
I wanna go watch captain marvel on Friday
I knew little of the movie apart from the titular character and that it is a manga. I was lost a bit but not enough where I couldn't enjoy it. Much better than what the SJW, man-hating Captain Marvel will be.
@DDayCobra @EthanVanSciver @dickandcomix Are they making Captain Marvel hoodies for boys, or did he get that from the girls department? pic.twitter.com/2ecEwmgMuN
Praying for a miracle with which we discuss our enjoyment of Captain Marvel or otherwise without being sexist shitfucks
Lets watch Captain Marvel together!  Tara let's gooo! 
What are you talking about? Captain Marvel doesn't come out until April pic.twitter.com/hYb6aJGfH9
Well said @MingNa. I'm glad you said not just for girls but boys as well. I mean, even tho Captain marvel is based on a female, what you talk about here isn't gender specific. It can apply to anyone. . Your words are wise. And I take inspiration from them. :) 
I still think @SommerRay should've played Captain Marvel.
How pro-military is Captain Marvel, though? Because I was behind the movie for so long until that started creeping up.
People dont realize that the Original Captain Marvel was a man from the Kree empire. From 1968-1979 oops didnt mean to mansplain to the feminazis. pic.twitter.com/ChZJkW5ZZb
Captain Marvel Upgrades the Marvel Universe
Goose the Cat is becoming the breakout star of 'Captain Marvel,' and fans are here for it 
They should release more posters tho.Captain Marvel has close to 20 posters & Shazam hardly 2 3.
TODAY MARKS EXACTLY 1 WEEK UNTIL THE CAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIERE THIS IS NOT A DRILL EVERY BODY I REPEAT NOT A DRILL
Lol you out for captain marvel? Lol . We should all go together for avengers for sure! And watch it in imax haha
For the record she didnt say that Captain Marvel isnt for white men, she said that about A Wrinkle In Time. Which is true, its for kids (specifically biracial/minority kids). But hahaha, funny meme. Your trollish antics were a little funny here.
Or, or, we could just let characters be true to character. Having Captain Marvel or Punisher smile more would be like Batman having parents. 
Can you guess that I'm excited for Captain Marvel?  pic.twitter.com/KEw7AIc23X
Ooohhh!! Captain Marvel date, anyone??? 
Don't shush Captain Marvel.
I'm not hyped for Captain Marvel but it's a piece of the puzzle needed to see End Game
Captain Marvel Premieres this week.
It's a real shame that most of the major outlets have chosen to not review Captain Marvel how I want it reviewed. They need to bring in a gender or race that will agree with me lol. (because we'll review Cap Marvel good, I mean we share the same sex organs!)
Not to be confused with this Captain Marvel. Although, now Im confused.  pic.twitter.com/CoP6PpUfHF
CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS LIIIIIIIIT ASF
Captain Marvel tomorrow! In English!! but only at 9pm.... seriously considering watching the dubbed version at 2pm but ugh
So youre definitely showing other films on that day? Its not watch #CaptainMarvel or go home?. Its just that on the 7th youve 13 other films showing as available but for the weekend starting the 8th only Captain Marvel is available for booking.
Okay yall should I do 3 nails dark blue and one yellow and one red for Captain Marvel? Does this sound better?
Should I wear the Captain Marvel suit to see the movie Friday?
#xiaomi #Mi9 #Oppo #OPPOF11Pro #CaptainMarvel . Xiaomi Mi 9 = Alita: Battle Angel. OPPO F11 Pro = Captain Marvel. . Which hero do you like more? pic.twitter.com/LjqEcUtsAf
I have a little white willy and something to say!. WoMeN CAnT bE SuPeR HeROes! No CaPtAiN MArVel!
One of the reason why I'm looking forward to watch captain marvel pic.twitter.com/6PveCRl1eT
wait oh my hod. I really need to see HTTYD 3 and Captain Marvel in theaters
I'd like to see a kickass superhero movie. Regardless of the gender of the main protagonist. I want Captain Marvel to be good, so as to serve as a worthy filler between Infinity War & End Game, as well as doing justice to the MCU to date.
I have no desire to see captain marvel...not one
Cant wait for Captain Marvel to release soon!
just bought my captain marvel tickets pic.twitter.com/KLROWp355n
Who the fuck is saying why do we need captain marvel? Wtf? Shut up. And we needed Cap more than we needed iron Man.
2 days til i watch captain marvel
Special Way Off Out Topic (WOOT) episode on the new Captain Marvel movie coming out this week.  We will review Carol Danvers history from the sixties until now.  You have your reading 
[[ even if you call me im not gonna hear anything regarding captain marvel hmmmmph!]]
I never figured I'd be one of those guys who buys his movie tickets way in advance for an upcoming blockbuster, but here I am, with a virtual ticket to Captain Marvel in my virtual wallet for this Friday after work because I'm a God damned sap ...
captain marvel only 5 days away wtf also how has it been almost a year since black panther and infinity war
"Captain Marvel" is a really funny name because that would be like Warner Brothers releasing a movie called "Captain Warner Brothers"
yall men dont get how good it feels to see a woman superhero i dont like superhero movies but captain marvel better crush it idc we need more woman role models for little girls!!!!!!
PUTANGINAAAAA IM ON MY WAY WITH MY FWEND TO BOOK TICKETS FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL. LORD BLESS US SANA MAY TICKETS PA pic.twitter.com/BA4cezPz0L
Captain marvel getting so much love Im
The first female captain marvel BTW pic.twitter.com/7V5Yj7fiDs
I'm already trying to maximize my Captain Marvel viewings. At least twice for sure, probably with different people.
My aunt is as gay for Captain Marvel as I am
Disney had no hand in it. In the 80s Monica maxed out her powers and went into a coma and then Mar-Vell's son Genis-Vell took the name, Carol is the 8th Captain Marvel Mar-Vell, Monica, Genis-Vell, Phyla-Vell, Khn'nr, No-Vah and Carol
Soooooo who wants to go w me to see captain marvel w me
Love all the Marvel films but I refuse to watch Captain Marvel now because of her high and mighty sjw crap.
COMPETITION TIME! To celebrate the release of captainmarvelofficial this Friday we are giving you the chance to win this awesome Chase of Captain Marvel herself! To enter simply LIKE this 
who is your favourite superhero in marvel cinematic universe other than captain marvel?
captain marvel
Wkd Box Office - 31-319 - HTTYD3 defends weekend title from Madea. Some other stuff played. Exhibitioners wait for Captain Marvel.. 
She's also not the original Captain Marvel. An alien named Mar Vel was.. Carol Danvers was caught up in a science experiment where she gained half of his powers and became Miss Marvel. She later took her hero identity when he died to honor him.
Captain Marvel
Looks like I have to stay away from social media until Friday to avoid Captain Marvel stuff. See yall then.
Captain Marvels Minn Erva, @Gemma_Chan1 hit the red carpet at the marvelstudios captainmarvelofficial World Premiere in Hollywood. Photos by @Sthanlee B. Mirador | sipausa 
Sensitive little thing arent you?! Does captain Marvels penis matter that much?
Then it's The Mighty Captain Marvel 1-3 and then The Life of Captain Marvel, which redoes her origin and stuff. *Whew!* That's pretty much up to date with collected editions.
These people will shove Captain Marvel down our throats all in the name of female empowerment. Completely off comic script this is pathetic
YO WTFFFF. Im seeing Captain Marvel tomorrow and already today, some mother fucker posted the Captain Marvel post credit scene on insta without a slide for spoiler. Watch out for those account guys. I recommend it using instagram until seeing the movie pic.twitter.com/Dwij1Lz6Qh
I was going to tweet something about the controversy around Captain Marvel (more Brie Larson herself really) and I figured I'd put more research into it and I'm happy to say that now that I'm informed.... Incels are fucking garbage humans and Larson did nothing wrong.
captain marvel is fuckin dop
Honestly Captain Marvel ressemble more like the suicide mission of the IJN Yamato
CAPTAIN MARVEL PRINCESS CAKE - NERDY NUMMIES  Rosanna Pansino  #Cooking #Foodpic.twitter.com/5NkJn1M2BC
Becoming... Captain Marvel is on its way, plus a whole new format which I cant reveal just yet. Though I am off on holiday for a couple of weeks, so we will have to hit pause for a little bit.
I never said it would. I dont think that it will make less than 100mil opening weekend. That doesnt mean it will be good. And it certainly doesnt mean those numbers were reached by excitement for Captain Marvel alone. Many ppl are seeing it because its
'Captain Marvel' review: Brie Larson shoulders origin movie like a champ.  
requested off a whole weekend to see Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/etgDWYcPSo
captain marvel
'Captain Marvel' stars roll out female-led action flick in London - FiWEH Life - 
Reviewed: Captain Marvel represents the ladies of Marvel with power and spirit #MovieReview #SpoilerFree #CaptainMarvel #MarvelStudios#Trailer 
Some of the replies are even more depressing than the original tweet, like the guy who whines he's not "allowed" to see Captain Marvel.
the phrase "captain marvel" may as well not exist if you mute it. but it wouldn't mute a tweet that went, say, "i like the comic where ms marvel became the captain of a pirate ship"
I mean, you are right. Looking forward to Captain Marvel the oodles of sequels with her.
A woman is what we call a HUMAN female. So technically, Captain Marvel is not a woman. Female, yes. But not a woman.
There are too many people who are finding ways to hate on "Captain Marvel" wonder why...
He's looking forward to seeing captain marvel this week
How you can tell my bf is a cis, white male: he never shuts up about captain marvel (in a bad way)
captain marvel premiere tonight, mute me now fellas.
@ captain marvel mid credit scene: pic.twitter.com/ZJYHXFZpJY
ABOUT TO LOSE MY SHIT BECAUSE CAPTAIN MARVEL IS STARING AJDJDNSKL
End game steelbook/ captain marvel steelbook. Brexit steelbook?
. Na avengers we sabi biko.. Captain Marvel would enter flash drive abeg 
Review: Captain Marvel gets an average introduction 
Whos going to see Captain Marvel with me on Thursday?
I'm not sure if YouTube had stopped recommending idiotic Last Jedi takedowns because the algorithm has improved or because those people have moved onto Captain Marvel and I haven't watched anything with that tag yet... I'll enjoy it while it lasts, I guess.
Pretty excited to see all my old coworkers at the Captain Marvel premiere tonight so I can be like, YALL KNOW I HAD A NERVOUS BREAKDOWN BUT IM STILL ALIVE BITCHES MUAHAHA
Gonna try to stay off Twitter until this Captain Marvel BS is over. I don't need the daily headache.
Seattle Times movie reviewer Moira MacDonald checks in on Captain Marvel. She likes it. <3 I am VERY pleased Monica Rambeau (a name I recognize from the comics) is in this. And I am TOTALLY here for the cat. 
Captain Marvel in EMH 
When you think about it, Captain Marvel is a silly name for a superhero. I wonder if they address that in the movie. I guess I'll find out in about three hours.
The Stan Lee cameo in Captain Marvel is going to make you cry 
A lot of men posing online about how they don't want to watch Captain Marvel. The logic they use is insane, and makes me fear for the next generation of kids.. I can't wait to see it.
just watched captain marvel and my heart is bursting with love and happiness. dont worry, i WONT post spoilers
.@hmfaigen surprised me with tickets to captain marvel this week! Even though our engagement is toxic to the lakers, Im glad I get to call him mine
I am more excited about Captain Marvel than I am about the Bachelor finale. Thats huge.
Oh wait, are we calling dibs?  I call dibs on Captain Marvel- Monica Rambeau!
im seeing captain marvel in two days if i suddenly become j*de l*ws whore again im so sorry ive failed everyone
She's new in the comics . She's like Captain Marvel's apprentice, hadls flight and shape shifting abilities. Pakistani American :)
I think the Big 3 that people grabbed most were Captain Marvel, Vader, and MJ, so good luck to ya if they by chance have any left
Oh shit I just remembered I got advanced screening for Captain Marvel tomorrow
So just saw a post attached about how the nearly EVERY cinema in the world is not showing ANY other film than Captain Marvel this Friday, the day it comes out.. Wtf? Isnt that a bit fucking absurd/spooky? I attached Lincoln and Greenwich viewings And.. its true. Go check. pic.twitter.com/aroDNFUF8L
So who wants me to spoil the parts of Captain Marvel that are probably going to piss people off?
am i still recuperating from captain marvels first end credit scene? yes.. fUCK.
Identifying as captain marvel means she is a biological man.  . Get over it bigots.
 Brie Larson relieved she kept Captain Marvel secrets for three years 
Captain Marvel could have appeared in the MCU a LOT earlier 
Love this Captain Marvel lunchbox from @BoxLunchGiftspic.twitter.com/d02hhGMwpT
I don't know any kids that want to see this movie. . NO MEN ALLOWED AT CAPTAIN MARVEL? NO WOMEN EITHER? FINE!  via @YouTube
I'm so excited for that movie. I don't know how but as a kid I got exposed to a bunch of captain marvel and shazam comics and he's been one of my favorites ever since
captain marvel is in cinemas on 7th march but i don't wanna watch it
Wait... CAPTAIN MARVEL???  pic.twitter.com/FTideP0mvD
i dont think captain marvel looks interesting ... please dont block me
By cats you mean white men.. Ironically I'm allergic to Brie Larson. But it's good as Captain Marvel wasn't made for me.. Great I wish it all the luck in the world, but unlike Wonder Woman I won't be paying money to see this one. 
#GETWOKEGOBROKE have they not learned that when they pander they don't make money? Captain Marvel is shaping up to flop as hard as Solo.
Ill skip captain marvel, cause fck brie larson  #BoycottCaptainMarvel
What if they just made us think Captain Marvel was coming to help in End Game and she turns to dust in the post credits scene of her own movie instead
Birthday evening agenda. Private Captain Marvel screening. . 38 years a geek. . #captainmarvel #marvel #makeminemarvel 
You keep repeating that she has an Oscar and keep saying that captain marvel is going to do well. No one is arguing with you about this. You clearly dont understand the simple concepts of demographics in film.
Meet Goose the cat, the four-legged star of"Captain Marvel" 
Captain marvel
Check out Marvels Captain Marvel Super Hero Ceramic Mug Box - 12 oz - NIB Free Shipping #Marvel  via @eBay
Fun fact, Shazam use to be called captain marvel... Kind of legendary it's coming out the same time as the new captain marvel.
Ha Captain Marvel is failing? Get woke, go broke, am I right??  I havent seen it yet 
I see you've already been dogpiled upon. But just wanted to add: Thanos has large philosophical differences between his comic and film iterations. You and I can't be sure about anything about Captain Marvel yet.
lets go esok captain marvel
n E ways CAPTAIN MARVEL IN 3 DAYS
captain marvel release khamis pic.twitter.com/4CbWNpKg5k
So, is there a Captain Marvel party happening at @G2Summit?
 Captain Marvel Reviews Released to the public!. Now we know why they made two endings for End Game. Hopefully this is Game-Over for Brie and her tirades!. listen to @tristen_just and get the latest news!. #CaptainMarvelPremiere #comicsgate #cgsirenspic.twitter.com/fjMSwhZYT2
Same happens with Fawcett's Captain Marvel--early stories in Whiz are pretty dense but (and a bit too linear) once Otto Binder arrives he finds a sweet spot over time. Eventually the book loses steam as horror books take off and their attempt to emulate those flops hard.
What? A 10-year old boy could push a car.... Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car by @latimesent
WHAT....she's in the upcoming Captain Marvel movie.
I'm not gonna be able to watch captain marvel until Friday at the soonest..      Me a sad bean.
Watching Captain Marvel with the rich folk in Century City >
Honestly though, Alita is the perfect example of a female lead film with a strong female character that isn't flaunting feminism. It just shows women can be strong. Watch it instead of captain marvel so we can get more cyberpunk super heroins! 
And the best thing. Whenever I apply for any job, I'll just say - I started the applause at the end of Captain Marvel premiere
I SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW IM???????? HOW IS IT ALREADY ALMOST HERE IT FEELS LIKE JUST YESTERDAY WE GOT THE FIRST TRAILER????
Fresh ang captain marvel sa rotten tomatoes
just impulse bought a ticket to see captain marvel thursday night where i have to leave class early when i could have just gone friday night instead but that's women supporting women
Captain Marvel is a mary sue. What a coincidence.
That's a debate we all have to have after Captain Marvel is in wide release. 
Ans) Captain Marvel has got . her powers from an explosion.. #CaptainMarvel.  #CarnivalCinemas. #CarnivalCinemasCaptainMarvelContest. #CaptainMarvelContest #Indore . Join guys @SingerUsha09. @MandeepSahni76. @SamShai95031818. @pick_choice
if captain marvel sucks they better rewrite endgame i will not settle for an average ending to ten years of cinematic greatness
With the recent toxic Captain Marvel bashing before the film has even been released, do you think it will have a negative impact on the box office. If it did (which I hope not) would Marvel be reluctant to go with less established characters in the future #ColliderHeroes
The reviews are spilling in for Captain Marvel, and at the time of recording its at 83% on Rotten Tomatoes. So are male critics the only ones leaving negative reviews?.  #RottenTomatoes #CaptainMarvel #MCU
is it wrong that the reason i'm most excited about the Captain Marvel movie is that it brings me one step closer to Ms. Marvel? . just. . gimmie Kamala Khan on an international blockbusting big screen already.. stretchy daughter movie poster pls
Captain Marvel is not overwhelming nor underwhelming. Just nice 8/10
Ans 3) Captain Marvel is set in 1995 . #CaptainMarvelOnPaytm. #CaptainMarvel. #Mumbai. @Marvel_India. @PaytmTickets
"Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car"  
@brielarson will Captain Marvel be singing this at any point in the movie? Asking for a friend of a friend .  pic.twitter.com/Uv2Ew77Hgk
Coming from the Oscar-winning critical success of Black Panther and the breakout victory of Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel sadly feels less in terms of quality.. Substance is mostly drowned amidst the sea of visuals, 90s references, and stuff from previous Marvel-Disney films. pic.twitter.com/jcw9rMVAu5
Excuse me while I drop out of the internet until after I see Captain Marvel on Sunday.
noah fence but next week im seeing captain marvel opening night and anastasia
GEMMA CHAN WEARS RALPH & RUSSO COUTURE TO THE WORLD PREMIERE OF CAPTAIN MARVEL. Last night Crazy Rich Asians star and actress, Gemma Chan, was ethereal wearing Ralph & Russo couture on the red carpet at the world premiere of Marvel. 
i can't wait for captain marvel chilllls 
Reviews for Captain Marvel have come out.. 86% on Rotten Tomatoes. It's "okay" with critics, but not a hit.  You can tell the political aspect and the "hey look women are in charge now" have steered the movie off... 
Captain marvel this week and siege new update  Im busy for a min
DEADASSSSS girlie only unleashed her power cuz her bf died and people still think that crap better than captain marvel??? no words
Its #CaptainMarvel week! Get your own Captain Marvel mini cutout from 
Unpopular opinion: I dont think Captain Marvel with be THAT great of a movie but its necessary to watch for Endgame
the only thing motivating me to get through this week is watching Captain Marvel this Friday :/
joe russo took his daughter to the captain marvel premiere cuuuuuute pic.twitter.com/9WBy54Xgjf
Fucking bitch shE fUcKing HATes Men UGHHH iM noT waTchING captaiN MARVel and blah blah blah  
HaHaHa!  Captain Marvel effects EndGame  LOL! 
OMG WAIT HALSEY IS AT THE CAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIERE JGFDDSDD
So men can't watch captain marvel white people weren't welcome to watch black panther and we are the bigots and racists?
dolly parton can make her titties bounce by sheer muscle tensing alone. that bint who plays captain marvel can't do that I bet, if she has any tits at all, idk she's built like a sack of shit
If this is about Captain Marvel then what I still don't get is how the main crux of their argument is still "Eww Girl!". What are you, six? I TEACH six year old boys, and they are a lot more tolerant to their female classmates than these mouth-breathing troglodytes!
I dont own any and I prefer Mrs. Marvel who I dont own any of hers but I have read more of hers than captain marvel
Review: Captain Marvel gets an average introduction 
Where to buy Captain Marvel Premier Night tix???
Note the demos on the mixed Captain Marvel reviews. This is supposed to be CAPTAIN FEMINIST: THE MOVIE and even female reviewers only gave it a 7/10  . You know why? Because people are sick of ANY POLITICS in their movies . #AlitaChallengepic.twitter.com/RHDmVI8EeP
Im hoping she would be in the Captain Marvel film, but knowing Marvel films, they don't care about the tv side
Wheres Captain Marvel?
1-(All Tier-II) Star Lord, Infinity War Cap, Kate Bishop. 2-Infinity War Widow, Movie Captain Marvel and Kamala.. 3-Spider Team, black costume Peter, Gwen and Miles. 4-Kate and Kamala again, and America.
Im going to pass on that and Captain Marvel.
hoping to god that i get to see captain marvel on friday and not a Week later
I complete agree. I Stan powerful independent woman! Just as powerful titular male characters empower me, women should have the SAME. Im going to see the movie wearing my Captain marvel shirt.
i'm really watching captain marvel tomorrow pic.twitter.com/sNmJwQUYHW
LMAO. . @IMDb. @RottenTomatoes. @metacritic.  . are saving Captain Marvel.  Disney must have  told them to do so.
legit forgot im going to see captain marvel tomorrow!!!! pic.twitter.com/UcZxBMQ4wv
I'm gonna see captain marvel the day after tomorrow fuCK #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/sW9qubFRXk
She-ra: Decent show, Meh fan interaction=50/50 success but not strong. I can predict how Captain Marvel will do and while it will make its money back, it will have a bad fan reaction. It's almost like there is a formula here
Ok: If you come up to me telling me how Captain Marvel is bombing, if I seem frosty it's not because of Marvel fanboyism, it's because you've just revealed to me you get your news from alt right sources.. This has happened too much in the last couple days.
chloe bennet at the premiere of captain marvel  pic.twitter.com/fxfzOTHwme
who's tryna see captain marvel with me thursday night?
This Captain Marvel movie is pretty dope  
Youre just pissed because youre not tall enough for the Captain Marvel Ride at the amusement park.
She must have been Captain Marvel. :c
If only he knew of her identity..   Her heroic one. . He'd be so teasing her about all this.. The captain marvel, smitten..    How was work? . He'd question, pulling her close.
Captain Marvel reviews are starting to come in. . Oh no. :(
Captain Marvel had a lot of Black Adams along the way. In the Fawcett comics Black Adam was in one story and died at the end of it but IBAC was essentially an evil twin as well.
Apparently fighter jets just flew right over Hollywood to promote CAPTAIN MARVEL, but all I could think as those engines just screamed above my head was Holy shit thats really closeam I gonna die?
I voted for #TeamCaptainMarvel on @TyltEntCaptain Marvel is more powerful than Superman 
Captain Marvel is in Avengers Endgame. Disney won't introduce a character just to kill her off. It's bad for business
I'm going to start randomly posting images of ALL the Captain Marvels in the hope that people will realize there has been more than one.
Disagree.... Captain Marvel=BORING!
#NowWatching Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/pZjNI37Zzi
Do you think we should tell her the original Captain Marvel in the comics was a white man?
I can't wait for Captain Marvel!. Already preordered tix!. In 4D rumble seats!. #CaptainMarvel. #HigherFasterWiderpic.twitter.com/JYGmQVQImL
I voted for #TeamCaptainMarvel on @TyltEntCaptain Marvel is more powerful than Superman 
watch ta captain marvel sa fridaaay  hmu hahaha
bought my captain marvel tickets for the first showing on thursday and i am PUMPED. get ready for tears
Petition to make all of our villains in D&D tonight dude Captain Marvel reviewers! That okay, @meinterrupted???
Sorry, brah. She is. Unless this is an idiot "DC had Captain Marvel first" in which case...boring.
Within like 10 mins of the 88% tomato meter reveal, Captain Marvel has gone UP to 91% on miss rotten tomatoes!!! SHES DOING AMAZING pic.twitter.com/XpkINRDweC
Yeah, its one of those that I will only watch without the kids, so theres zero distractions. My oldest loves the Marvel movies, and shes super excited over Captain Marvel this weekend, but I just cant watch it with her, they just wont stop talking.
Samuel L. Jackson straight up trolled everyone with that Captain Marvel reveal 
thank god everyone loves gemma chan or id have no one to see captain marvel with
I was at a dog show this weekend. In the vendor section there was a booth giving out Captain Marvel merc. Nice full length posters and caps and aviator glasses. Never seen that for any other movie.
"Captain Marvel Review: Brie Larson Takes a Trip to the 90s" by A.O. SCOTT via NYT  The newest member of the Marvel Cinematic Universe goes on a nostalgia trip in the company of Samuel L. Jackson and Annette Bening.
i think my mom is taking me to see captain marvel this weekend uwu
YA'LL GUYS... MY WORKPLACE IS OUT THERE SUPPORTING CAPTAIN MARVEL. I STAN. #captainmarvel pic.twitter.com/agtk3LacXA
Kris Jenner in the new Captain Marvel ad  I love that woman!!!
To those who have watched Captain Marvel already: Is there a nod to the old black costume somewhere? I really like the subtle winks that Marvel makes to its goofy past. Like when in Luke Cage he escapes prison wearing a tiara, bracelets and a bright a yellow shirt. pic.twitter.com/wug7PxJN6H
captain marvel
Woo we're going to watch captain marvel tomorrow
Even though I am going to see captain marvel and see if this is right or wrong, my expectations seem to be drowning my hope about Capt. marvel. Cosmic Book News: First Captain Marvel Review: Cold, Disappointment, Unworthy..  via @GoogleNews
Gotta see Captain Marvel, so I can know how she joins the Avengers.
Rotten Tomatoes is responding to trolls going after "Captain Marvel." 
As I was at the door on a delivery tonight, a little girl yelled with excitement about a Captain Marvel trailer on TV, and I just thought that was really cool that she has that hero to look up to so young
Regardless of the reception Captain Marvel will get, can we at least all agree that the movie will still be 100 times better than the newer Captain Marvel comics?. #CaptainMarvel #BrieLarson #MCU #Marvel #WednesdayMotivation #CarlManverspic.twitter.com/rLhPsL2XNH
Captain Marvel Review - Why #captainmarvel is my favorite female superhero!! @Lovesmytwoboys  ad #marvel #MovieReview
And that's my ticket booked to see Captain Marvel on Friday afternoon.  pic.twitter.com/FvKhyDmz1y
Dude we gotta chill and get some maybe see captain marvel this weekend and we can chill
"Is Captain Marvel is Captain America's wife?" Waiting for Sana to ask this kind of question
If they edit out all the Brie Larson scenes and leave in Samuel L. Jackson and Goose the cat, I'd definitely watch Captain Marvel. #CaptainMarvel
People forget that Ronan the Accuser is a Kree fanatic. Captain Marvel serves the kree empire. Therefore, Captain Marvel was pro genocide
hi, let's watch captain marvel on march 9. AaAaAaaAaaAa.
Yep. And I will see Captain Marvel on opening weekend like I do all the Marvel Studios movies. Not for Brie but for Carol Danvers, young Fury and Coulson, and MF'ing SKRULLS! Can't wait to hear Fury say he is tired of these mf'ing Skrulls on his mf'ing planet.
We not going into green book expecting spectacle. All the Oscar bait people who love them kind of movies like those. Captain marvel wasn't interesting trailer wise. Nothing particularly cool. Just like Thor 2. We all just wanna see the end credits anyways lmao
Is it weird that I want Captain Marvel/Disney to bomb. Its like Im some sort of irrational ex. Im still bitter about Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Punisher and Luke Cage. I want Disney to feel some element of loss, even if its a massively minimal margin to that of mine. pic.twitter.com/qS9bqHDzyG
She is like captain marvel  pic.twitter.com/OyyY0tjOzp
#NW Captain Marvel
I want to go see Captain Marvel.
Who's your favorite Avengers or Captain Marvel characters? pic.twitter.com/7H5W587Wpc
So much to look forward to in the next 60 days .. Captain Marvel, Start of FA, End of Cavs season, St.Pattys day, March Madness, Indians Home opener, Us-movie, Wrestlemania, Avengers Endgame, NFL Draft, NFL offseason workouts .. fully loaded!
Funny how some of the same people complaining about "review bombing" (even though it wasn't even a review it was just a "do you want to see the movie" thing) for captain marvel ignore the fact that people were review bombing and spamming for the new she-ra 
Captain Marvel  #SatuMare #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/TG45cAmlhx
For any other film the articles would be focusing on its 88% on rotten tomatoes. But with Captain Marvel theyre using mixed to make it sound like its been less well-received than it has
Wow dont mix Captain Marvel and Ronda Rousey please #RAW
Excited to watch Captain Marvel!
Marvel to Jack when they pass 1 Billion worldwide for both Captain Marvel and Endgame pic.twitter.com/o9wUVpkOSt
Getting ready for Captain Marvel
Brie asked for some diversity at a Captain Marvel conference thing because almost every interviewer was a white male so she asked for some women and people of color and a lot of guys are changing it and making it seem like Brie hates white males.
Someone watch Captain Marvel with me tmrw? Ya?
not in a mean way but i dont have any expectations for captain marvel
@SPICinemas team...at what time the  imax bookings for captain marvel will begin ?
Review: Captain Marvel gets an average introduction 
One more day and then Captain Marvel.
Thank you. Oh, and those six year old boys I taught? They are actually excited about Captain Marvel's premiere! So I guess that's one more evidence that they're more mature than the frogs who review-bombed the scores.
Yet they ain't blaming her big mouth for causing all this drama around Captain Marvel but rather men. Alita is having a female hero and I am yet to see any movie lover talk shit about it.  If captain fails and dont get a sequel , it all be Brie Lawson's fault.
Cant wait to watch Captain Marvel! Ooff. Its gonna be good. Whos a marvel fan over here? Lets go for a movie together  #CaptainMarvel
Because people dont know how to behave, I havent seen a movie in the theater in years. Since the Captain Marvel audience promises to be free of whimpering douche-bags, I just might break that streak.
>implying captain marvel is real
Superman, Thor, Ironman, Captain America, Hulk, Wonder Woman, Captain Marvel, Aquaman, Supergirl, Dr. Strange, Black Widow, Mr. Fantastic, Luke Cage, X-Men.  THe list of mask wearing superheroes is shorter and they generally are hiding something dark if they wear one.
i don't expect to get either of you sucked into the "angry white males mad at brie larson are gonna ruin captain marvel" debate, but, and i don't have the behind the scenes demo numbers, but i feel like this is absolutely the best time for nerd culture of all types of media
Think of it like this you're having another blessing  and when you recover you can watch captain marvel with your her. She's coming at the best time
I cant wait to see Captain Marvel...said no black man ever!
why are white men acting like they didnt hate captain marvel from the very first pictures of her costumes lol
i wanted to buy tickets for captain marvel for a thursday show but they havent released the timings yet??
Captain Marvel in 5 days, the beach in 6. Gonna be a good week.
going to spend a day at my uni next Saturday and then go and watch captain marvel haw yee
Just like feminist  taking hours of their day to ass licking review, actively seek out and like interviews and comment under every single Captain Marvel post that they WILL SEE IT (because she is a woman you know)
MORNING CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW OH MY GOD IM GONNA CRY
New Review - this one is a lot of clever fun - Captain Marvel Liberation Run by Tess Sharpe 
@oztitan thank you for the comic books very cool  now I can read some avengers leading up til Captain Marvel Friday
anyway.... CAPTAIN MARVEL IS OUT TODAYYY
Brie Larson had to learn how to make a 'cool face' as Captain Marvel  . More here : 
They have no more Captain Marvel shirts at my mall
Brie Larson At The World Premiere Of Captain Marvel In Hollywood.. #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/aiv1SQ9ykt
Got my tickets for Captain Marvel. ()
This is the Starter Collection. Sowhich Volume 1 should I buy?! Navigating Marvels digital CAPTAIN MARVEL sale 
WOW! I can't believe how many fake comic book fans there are here. I'm guaranteeing that 95% of the women here had never heard of Captain Marvel, let alone read the comic. If they had then the comic wouldn't have been cancelled so many times.
Captain Marvel is the first Marvel movie that I actually don't want to see
No one: . Me: *whispers to everyone near me* Captain Marvel can laser beam my face
after the movie I'll buy some Captain Marvel's comic books ...     I never read anything about her, and now I want to ..
So who wants a review video of Captain Marvel? . Thinking of doing one and posting it here tomorrow
Pretty much everybody who loved wonder woman is criticising brie Larson and captain marvel also what about all the women that are criticising the movie too? Oh wait you can't acknowledge them otherwise it would destroy you're false narrative
The deflation of the furor around Captain Marvel with a spate of middling reviews from female critics is heartening. It is good to see the movie being reviewed on its merits rather than its political uses.
The Captain Marvel hits the theaters in two weeks . It was a looooong wait!!
To put it in a simple sentence. Captain Marvel is akin to the Europa League. It's not good but it's not bad either. You can either enjoy the movie or nitpick every lazy writing in there. Of course if you have a penis, your opinions are invalid for CM
I plan to see Captain Marvel.. Sorry Wahmynists...  I'm not going to promise to like it for you.
No actually. Gonna hold off on doing the video so I can make some good progress on Captain Marvel
Please make a video about guardians of the galaxy volume 3 and how captain marvel and avengers endgame sets up for guardians of the galaxy volume 3 the movie they are use James Gunn story for guardians of the galaxy volume 3 for fans and me and for you and for Christ Pratt.
I really only hope Captain Marvel doesn't defeat Thanos. That would be terrible in terms of story telling.
on a completely unrelated note, I NEED CAPTAIN MARVEL REACTION MEMES PLEASE T-T
Why because captain Marvel has vagina of 10000km diameter.....lol. Really don't know how she is getting satisfaction
I just checked to see how many people are going to a showing of Captain Marvel for thursday's IMAX showing and it's nothing but, Empty Seats ! Those Two Seats belong to me that I used Re-Admission tickets for because I am not paying a cent to support... 
So apparently Captain Marvel isnt that great pic.twitter.com/X1KCAVAkyG
Will there be a "Captain Marvel" sequel if frowny face Larson keeps alienating fans?
Im so hype for Captain Marvel jrkfkfmdjfkjd
i just saw Captain Marvel and it was SO GOOD
With Avengers: Endgame due in just more than a month and Captain Marvel hitting theaters in mere hours, do you think this is the MCUs peak? Or do you think, with X-Men and the FF and all their related villains coming back into the fold, the best is yet to come?
#ImMrMeseeks Marvel's Captain Marvel is a woman. No one's mad that she's a woman; people are mad that Brie is a dumbass sjw and said that if you're a while male then the movie is not for you #LookAtMe
I have a feeling that Captain Marvel will be disappointing, but Im excited to see her in Endgame. I guess its an equal tradeoff
Captain Marvel to the rest of the Avengers pic.twitter.com/Q9Tmqh2kjZ
This is going to be a great few months of tv/movies. 2 Marvel movies and Game of Thrones. Already purchased my Captain Marvel tickets for the weekend.
Captain marvel isnt out yet, lets listen to Zachary Levi and support both
Who wanna watch Captain Marvel . Huhu i wanna
yalls opinion on captain marvel?
Guess who cried at the Captain Marvel trailer when I went to the pictures last night  so excited for that film
captain marvel literally ties into endgame and shell be in that one as well...... have fun being confused as hell in april buddy
I'm excited for Captain Marvel. If you aren't, cool, that's totally fine. Don't try to convince me not to be excited. Don't think it's a bad thing that I or anyone else who is excited is excited. If you don't like the movie without even seeing it, don't watch it. It's that simple
Ummmmm Captain Marvel! Hellllllllllo! pic.twitter.com/RgWAJBFpLu
oh yeah I remember hearing something where Disney was telling theaters to show nothing but Captain Marvel.
someone really had the audacity to put a possible captain marvel spoiler on my timeline without any warnings bye im so upset
@Midnights_Edge well, your captain marvel live stream has been pulled down..just as it was getting good :-( pic.twitter.com/ocZQoBTXCQ
Waiting for 1 pm. Captain marvel presale tix woaaah
most of the negative review of captain marvel are coming from men so... i think its safe to say the movie is just fine w little to complain about
I'm gonna watch Captain Marvel AND Wonder Woman #SignsYouAreAGoodPerson
Every time I worry about the number of dudes loudly talking about how Captain Marvel's getting boycotted,  I remind myself how many posts in the NY public advocate election hashtag were supporting Nomiki Konst.
cant wait for captain marvel and avengers end game
If stuff like this doesn't get you absolutely hyped for Captain Marvel then nothing will.. #captainmarvel #marvel #brielarson #higherfurtherfaster #mcu 
Just back from Captain Marvel and can I just say NEWBIE COULSON. Just glad to see him after that ending of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. @clarkgregg
I JUST GOT A CAPTAIN MARVEL COMMERCIAL WHILE WATCHING BROOKLYN NINE NINE... THE POWER MY TV IS RADIATING RIGHT NOW!!!
Captain Marvel come to save entire avengers 
"10 reasons why cats love the new intersectional Captain Marvel"
Why do I feel that Captain Marvel, for all of the recent brouhaha, might end up good, but hardly groundbreaking? Not in terms of gender (maybe), but it won't break any new ground in the MCU (or superheroines in film overall)? It does feel there's a lot of shouting for a movie
Captain Marvel, Daredevil, Hank Pym & Janet van Dyne, Magneto, Jessica Drew, Bruce Banner, Jennifer Walters, Norman Osborn, Wilson Fisk, Black Widow, The Fantastic Four, Nick Fury, Dum Dum Dugan, Sif, the Warriors Three, Miles Morales, Spider-Gwen, Elektra, Cable & Deadpool.
MOVIE NIGHT. Captain Marvel Tickets are $12 in the bookstore. The movie is going to be at Harkins North Valley @ 7 on Friday!!
Captain Marvel's press tour and PR are so effective ... I had to look up the release date.
If I'm not mistaken, one of the Skrulls in Captain Marvel was name checked into being one of those four.
Men who are upset over Captain Marvel should smile more. They're so much prettier when they smile.
I hope to watch Captain Marvel
i was talking to my sister about captain marvel while brushing my teeth bc i'm like that and "jude law" was the hardest thing to say qvwvrhjk
@Louis_Tomlinson are you dropping two of us the 7th for the premiere of captain marvel? i just KNOW it
"Kicks ass" or "disappointing"? Read the mixed Captain Marvel reviews  
Captain Marvel premiere.
@MarvelStudios wont watch captain marvel since im a 40 yr old white guy and @brielarson says the movie is not for me. My 16 friends and i who have been to the opening of every marvel movie have elected to skip this one.
I dont even like Captain Marvel really  Im just fuckin suck of manbabies screeching about Brie Larson.
Thanks again to Tash and Disney, we had the opportunity to see Captain Marvel this evening.. Not being a comic buff, I went in without any knowledge of Captain Marvel at all. It appears to be a fun prequel to the... 
captain marvel month
If you don't think it's cool that @brielarson can push a car, then I don't know what to tell you. Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car by @latimesent
I GOT TICKETS FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL!!! my saturday is about to be so life changing
We need Captain Marvel to bridge what's gonna happen in Infinity War 2. I.. Don't see the problem here?
Captain marvel :')
CAPTAIN MARVEL being promoted through parody BLOCKBUSTER stores:. 
A lot of the positive captain marvel reviews sound like parents trying not to admit that their kid totally blew the big game. pic.twitter.com/Xt0so7buuz
IF ANYONE SPOILS CAPTAIN MARVEL FOR ME I AM SUING AND BLOCKING YOU
Brie Larson had to learn how to make a 'cool face' as Captain Marvel 
Check out what I'm selling on Mercari! Marvel legends Captain Marvel ... @Marvel @Avengers @MarvelStudios
omg captain marvel comes out tomorrow,,, i need to see if theres any space left AND FORCE MY FRIEND TO GO THERE
captain marvel in 5 days what the FUCK
Dunno how true it is but apparently captain marvel is so shit the omly interesting thing was the cat so idk.
the interesting thing is it really took until the last decade or so for Marvel to decide to push the character of Carol Danvers to one of their "top tier" heroes. She didn't even become Captain Marvel - a name that'd been floating around for decades - until the 2010s.
Will I be seeing the new Captain Marvel movie? I mean, sure, *probably*. pic.twitter.com/sSn7YqmkDe
Apparently, Captain Marvel is damn near impervious to everything....except criticism. I just want a good story without the political agenda bullshit.  I go to a movie for the escape it provides not to be waterboarded by people that just cant shut up about anything.
My Uber driver this morning: yeah Im a cinephile, I go to the cinema EVERY week, already got my tickets for Captain Marvel and I CANNOT wait for Avengers Endgame
@DDayCobra Hey Jeremy, how's it feel being no different than the SJWs you hate so much? You gonna find another inane quote from Brie Larson that you can twist for a video? Ooh, or maybe a conspiracy theory about Disney paying off theaters to only show Captain Marvel?
Maybe you could be an EXTRA in 23 JUMP STREET..HANGING UP YOUR COWL after one movie..hope you trained THE NEW CAPTAIN MARVEL..Ms Marvel the younger girl..next time keep your mouth shut and keep your comments to yourself and maybe you wont blow the next $100 DOLLAR dollar DEAL MAM
I have now seen Captain Marvel and made myself immune to the discourse
This why you side is insane. You can called Mystique bland in these films why bashing others for saying that same thing about captain marvel.
I thought Captain Marvel took place in the 90's? Going either way.
Captain Marvel and Us come out this month which mean more hours at work
pregaming for Captain Marvel by watching Room and resting my sweet innocent precious neck and back that got crunched by a semi truck this weekend
Every man bitching about Captain Marvel. It's just a movie, you entitled shitheads. pic.twitter.com/51Hf9CTWBQ
Captain Marvel looks to be TOO serious, and Shazam might be too goofy #headdesk
Who trying to see Captain Marvel this week? Know I got to watch before Avengers 4 come out in April
Hellboy might be trying the captain marvel approach.
Ill use the Bernie system. Ill pay for and see Alita, then sneak into the next showing of captain marvel.
Captain Marvel shouldve been about Monica Rambeau, not Carol. Carol shouldve been played by a child actress in Monicas movie. Not the other way around. PERIODTTT 
#Repost @marvelstudiosph (get_repost). . How do you become as unstoppable as Captain Marvel? By pushing yourself to the limits. #MotivationMonday. Marvel 
Has nothing to do with the final avenger its a separate movie. Youre just reaching now if you want to sit down and defend Captain Marvel go ahead
Ya think the Di$ney Store would have Captain Marvel shirts for guys, nope. Guys can be Captain Marvel fans too. Di$ney missing out on more cash for their empire. My current phone background. 
Monica Rambeau is the best Captain Marvel (80s) #ChangeMyMind
I have literally never met anyone who complained like that and it's just as you said as long as the film itself is good the lead role doesnt matter. TFA was good I enjoyed it and I like Rey (Rei)? Wonderwoman was good captain marvel looks cool but yee GB was a flop lmao
Update on movie theater situation. Called one theater who said that although the schedule is fishy, there will most likely be other movies next week. Reviews are coming out saying that Captain Marvel is mediocre which just makes me more angry if its the only thing in theaters.
Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/thBbiWB0HE
Whats his name then? They cant call him Captain Marvel for obvious reasons.
Captain Marvel
i'm checking the times captain marvel is showing in 3D and i think i wanna go tuesday after uni since i finish classes the earliest on a tuesday but i still don't have enough money, i wanna d*e FML
If the propagandists at the A/V club gave captain marvel a C, then you definitely know somethings wrong with it.
The theater shouldn't only be showing Captain Marvel, theaters are just waiting for specific information to arrive before they asses what movies they'll play in what screening times.
unpopular opinion: Im tired of seeing all of this advertising for captain marvel n im really just over it and kinda dont want to see it. but i know i have to see it because it is important to the rest of the mcu. its too hyped for a character we havent seen before.
I feel like my generation knows who Carol/Captain Marvel is. She has a fanbase... people bought her books, and they still buy her merch. I know I'm more plugged into fandom, but I know a lot of people excited about CM. And not confused... bc Shazam has been Shazam for 40 years.
brazilian promo of captain marvel in a subway station pic.twitter.com/MwuijHJZPT
Look, I'm a fan of the Carol and Monica version of #CaptainMarvel Marvel.  I am going to see that film.. I'm a fan of the original Captain Marvel--you know, what DC is calling #Shazam these days.  I am going to see that film, too.. Stop acting like it's an either/or proposition.
I just wanna say that while I am sad Alita hasnt gotten as much attention as Captain Marvel, I dont think Captain Marvel Hayes half of its audience. Brie Larson clarified her comments on that whole white man thing. She doesnt hate em 
Excited to share this item from my #etsy shop: Captain Marvel Print Set  #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/jhEqulHhPL
"For far too long there has been a disproportionate amount of mediocre action movies starring men. Captain Marvel proves that now companies can put out garbage films staring women too!" . This movie is breaking the glass ceiling of shlock!
1 week until captain marvel and I just remembered the end credit scenes most likely gonna be a lead in to endgame and Im not ready for that :)
Captain Marvel later with my one & only @x_nnnad pic.twitter.com/EZ8msvkmsO
More excited for DC's Captain Marvel than Marvel's Captain Marvel
Thor coming to watch the premiere of Captain Marvel 
He's not a lead. He's hardly in Captain Marvel. Go away.
oo this looks awesome! . Also @starksvers you legit look like you're in this pic as Captain Marvel!! Crazy! pic.twitter.com/xs7mQReBuT
She can do a lot more than make tea with those hands.  The sexiest dialogue in Captain Marvel so far. Haha. Love it. ;) #CaptainMarvel
Captain Marvel tomorrow!
anyway see you at the captain marvel screening (or not)!
even weirder is this. that when I try to post any picture with Captain Marvel on it, it gives me "image is too big" even though it's only 340x1000 at 43kb as opposed as the 400x2200 long pic at 137kb pic.twitter.com/xDvmCOInnE
CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT THIS WEEK pic.twitter.com/vwVwyP0IUG
I forgot Djimon Hounsou is in two films this spring featuring a character named/was named "Captain Marvel".
Actually, Captain Marvel was in the air force. Different uniforms. You should really learn the difference between the branches of our armed services. There aren't that many so it shouldn't be too hard for you to Google.
Booked IMAX tickets of CAPTAIN MARVEL. Morning shows housefull. Booked for noon time. Act fast.
Tascosa Drive-In well open for weekends this Friday night. 1) CAPTAIN MARVEL  2) MARRY POPPINS. Gates open 6:30pm movie at 7:30pm
FUCK I MEANT CAPTAIN MARVEL FUCK THIS TWEET DOESN'T MAKE SENSE
There have been three Captain Marvels in Marvel comics over the years, and two of them were women.
idk which white man needs to hear this but no one cares that you're not going to watch captain marvel
i have to watch captain marvel on the 7th, because i have class on the 6th pic.twitter.com/BquKysL8UT
Critical Role and Captain Marvel both trending? That's my shit!
#CaptainMarvel WAS. FUCKIN-TASTIC !. I'll say it now: Me, as a Dc Comics fan, Captain Marvel is one of my top favorit superhero movie. EVER. . I'M LIVIIIING pic.twitter.com/xnsOhLaNyH
Anybody wanna go see captain marvel on Friday
About to watch Captain Marvel tomorrow. First comic book and Marvel movie I'm going to see in a cinema since the second Thor movie. Not really expecting much, just want to be entertained.
1940(Captain America First Avengers) : Tesseract buried together with Steve. 2010(Captain America 2) : SHIELD found Tesseract & Steve. And then 1989(Captain Marvel) : Kree scientists keep Tesseract in her lab
mar 5th. Captain Marvel. Star Wars pic.twitter.com/eUhsJm88m8
Wait. There was a Wonder Woman movie? But I thought Captain Marvel was the first time a woman has ever appeared on a movie screen before!
temporary layout in honour of captain marvel herself
Why are people being such babies? Let Captain Marvel shine! If you don't want to see it, then don't. I bet it will blow the box office out of the water but like you said, Grace, let's let the box office settle this! #CaptainMarvel
Whst was the deal with his scene? Wasn't it already filmed before his passing for Captain Marvel at least?
Captain Marvels workout isepic 
captain marvel
In preparation for #CaptainMarvel and #AvengersEndgame , I'm watching #kongskullisland starring Nick Fury, Loki and Captain Marvel. Fun movie. pic.twitter.com/jR9deODt36
Oh it's the Captain Marvel thing, this idea that somehow superheroes and the military are inextricably linked when that...wasn't true until 2008 basically
Instead of the most powerful marvel character. How about using all of the established mcu characters. And tony, thor, and star lord kill thanos. Litteraly its just bad writing to have captain marvel pop her head out and save everybody without her being mentioned
captain marvel
The directors of CAPTAIN MARVEL provide the first hints about the possible setting for CAPTAIN MARVEL 2! 
In just 48 hours well be making further plans for our trip to , then eating pizza, then seeing Captain Marvel. @papercrane0pic.twitter.com/JP2Z1e7huK
(I wouldn't be surprised if they did just that with Samuel L. in Captain Marvel)
+ no one can tix for any other movie, other than Captain Marvel for a week!  It's ridic!. I'm not seeing Alita either btw.  But you can't even get tix for indie movies EITHER.  And this is literally everywhere in the world. pic.twitter.com/RYzmDY1AD4
This is so tiresome.  Is captain marvel somehow an intersectional masterpiece?  I don't know what she's talking about.
captain marvel in five days babies
Captain Marvel 
They're looking for anything that is potentially negative about the film to exploit it.. The whole "Cinemas forced to show only Captain Marvel" story from the weekend is a clear example.
At what point did every MCU-based movie have to be a revelation? It's absurd thinking. I am looking forward to CAPTAIN MARVEL despite the very mixed reviews. I just want it to be fun.
Captain Marvel's probably a fine film too, but he's arguing a boycott on ideological grounds which would cover Cameron as well.
They call me Captain Marvel...I save the world atleast once daily. I put my body to my absolute limits so that others can rest or be safe. I feel some days I have no limits. I have other days where I find out what my limits are...I hope my babies know it is all for them.
Ok, then maybe Captain Marvel?
It's Brie Larson!!! She's playing Captain Marvel, out in the theaters this weekend, watch it it's gonna be amazing
Captain Marvel is going to be 2-hours long. I need to pre-order my tickets.
david ehrl*ch didnt like captain marvel oh hes in it this time pic.twitter.com/LAp5XchJUC
Review: Captain Marvel gets an average introduction 
Feminist: "Don't go see Captain Marvel, it's not for cis white males like you!". Me: "Okay, I'll go watch Shazam instead.". Feminist: "OMG Captain Marvel failed because white males can't 
Captain Marvel ends the OJ Simpson car chase
SUCH A GREAT INTRO-MOVIE FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL  pic.twitter.com/gkIDybxRny
this is the real captain marvel!. brie larsen WISHES she was this cool!
Stuckman just gave Captain Marvel a C
Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car  
Marvel is just pandering with this Captain Marvel...you hate to see it
Captain Marvel - Movie Review Like Us @ fb: 
I am  out at the thought of Captain Marvel /potentially/ being a 2 hour advertisement about how great the US military industrial complex is & that little girls should be inspired to join a state-sanctioned violence playground under the guise of being a Cool Feminist Hero
When you realize Captain Marvel comes out on international womens day pic.twitter.com/8XnrHdwvto
Finally an MCU movie to bring the captain marvel hating incels back into the fold.
i have an assignment on friday but im going to see captain marvel afterwards so it cancels out
Folks legit just hating on captain marvel to hate. Yall is tripping
Hey man how do you feel about that new Captain Marvel movie that is coming out soon
You realize the reason is because angry men were panning the Captain Marvel movie solely bc it stars a woman. Not bc they saw an early release. More than one quote stated they were pissed they couldnt review it bassd on their disinterestl in seeing it. That isnt a review.
all this mess made me forget about captain marvel, jesus
Gotta catch captain marvel this weekend
ANYWAYS 24 HOURS FROM NOW I WILL HAVE SEEN CAPTAIN MARVEL CAN I GET A YEEHAW pic.twitter.com/71p7CAmSKq
Feminists & White Knights out there be like "don't talk shit about Captain Marvel or we gonna cut you with a @Gillette razor"
Captain Marvel on Friday and its my 30 something birthday also  pic.twitter.com/FJFRDYuWyw
Captain Marvel was.... so-so. But since shes gonna play an important role in the upcoming avengers:endgame we still all should watch it lol
when u realize its just 2 days till captain marvel  pic.twitter.com/nuAeKz1Wdp
seen captain marvel credits aint even gotta watch the movie no more
Captain Marvel was AMAZING
Captain Marvel is 83% on Rotten Tomatoes and people are acting like it's getting panned.
Captain Marvel - checklist for the movie night this month.
Of these, Captain Marvel, easily. Hardly a question
Are the Captain Marvel reviews really made by trolls? Of just really disappointed fans?
These photos are spectacular, I am so glad that you did a Captain Marvel shoot. You look mesmerizing and stunning.
Possible discussion topics include:. How to grift retailers effectively. Cat Variants: Will they save us. Captain Marvel: Yassss Queeen. After industry collapse: Learning to code?. Food that C.B. and Joe Q enjoy. What characters legacy to destroy next 
I wish there was a way to mute any mentions of the nonsense surrounding Captain Marvel.  I don't to stop following good people just because they keep on talking about assholes complaining about a Marvel movie.
im BEGGING people to stop posting captain marvel leaks..... its literally 5 days away
I need to buy my ticket for Captain Marvel for Thursday.
Fuck, with all the complaining, and people complaining about complaining, I'm going to have to mute Captain Marvel, aren't I?
Isnt Alita a Robot? That has an OWNER..? I dont understand the logic of these Review-Bombing Anti-SJW Anti-Captain Marvel crybabies.
Yeah just wait for Captain Marvel box performance, you'll soon start to see a pattern of. #GetWokeGoBroke
Okay so like Shazam's original name was Captain Marvel but they changed it for obvious reasons so that's where the whole thing I'm talking about comes from lol
someone see captain marvel with me Friday
Oh man, #Shazam looks like the most fun superhero movie ever. Which is ironic because this time it's Disney who has the much more serious movie with Captain Marvel.
I'm so excited for Captain Marvel. you can't even tell
A Her In Every Hero! . The powerhouse talent of South Cinema: @Rakulpreet,@MsKajalAggarwal Good luck kajal #KajalAggarwal @Samanthaprabhu2 and @tamannaahspeaks celebrate Women's Day with Captain Marvel at a special event in Chennai! . #HerInEveryHero. Really superpic.twitter.com/o1DSMxyha8
aaa pingin captain marvel. hhhhff
Captain marvel im cominnnnnnnn
Im so hype for captain marvel !! ready to have my mind blown
 l7theband: With our new pal Brie Larson star Captain Marvel! We played a promotional event for the film at the old Tower Records on Sunset Strip, Los Angeles. pic.twitter.com/bw0V0QV1dZ
Most of the people going to watch captain Marvel's post credit scene they not interested in captain marvel this is the hype of avengers endgame but me I'm interested in both movies . #CaptainMarvel #AvengersEndgame #MCU
The Eternals movie looking to cast openly gay male lead.. let's see who comes out in the next few months.. .. also brace yourselves.. toxic MCU fanboys are going to have Captain Marvel/Black Panther level 'diversity' meltdowns
three more days til captain marvel premieres here in the ph
I rated Captain Marvel (2019) 7/10  #IMDb
Captain Marvel is out Friday. Might go see it ASAP cause I don't want anyone spoiling anything for me
I wonder if when Thanos snapped he earased more women than men and that's why Captain Marvel has to come.. *Deadpool says jokingly*
Whats a captain marvel pic.twitter.com/MyOXYOfz1j
people were complaining last week saying theatres are only showing captain marvel and Disney is paying for that, where its been the same for my whole life time that movie times dont come out untill the week of the movie here, only reason is because captain marvel had pre sales
Less than 24 hours till I see Captain Marvel
Despite those mixed reviews I cannot wait to see Captain Marvel this weekend.
cant wait to watch Captain Marvel this Friday omg Ive been so excited for it ever since I found out they were filming it
PEYTON AND LUKE ARE AT THE CAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIERE WE
I dont even really like superhero movies but you bet your ass Ill be there to see Captain Marvel in action
Big time seeing Captain Marvel when it comes out who is in?
new rumor has landed online that echoes my own concerns about the Captain Marvel movie and Brie Larson. Or in lay speak - heres some shit I made up 
What I find fascinating about all this Captain Marvel drama is how at least 75% of the people bitch about it on either side of the argument probably had no idea who she was five years ago.
Ive been avoiding twitter for captain marvel spoilers. My friends have seen spoilers so Im going on a little hiatus lololol
yikes this captain marvel reviews are not good
Supporting white supremacy can be done by people of any color, just ask Candice . But if this guy isn't hiding behind an avatar, he's surely another Candice.. He needs to go and watch Captain Marvel to chill. Let people be themselves. Drop the racism. Heal. 
ive been rewatching all the marvel movies with @Baylee4sman in preparation for captain marvel and were about to watch infinity war, im not ready
Captain Marvel's Brie Larson to Star as Undercover CIA Operative in Upcoming Apple Series. I Hate Everything.
Im white and Im a male and she disparaged me so Im not gonna watch Captain Marvel, just kidding...Im not a big giant pussy who cant read.
Saturday is going to be such a great day - @veschwab's signing for THE NEAR WITCH around lunchtime, @MESalisbury's event for SONG OF SORROW in the afternoon, and then seeing Captain Marvel in the evening (and I have @tash_scarlet accompanying me all day!!).
Bout to book my Captain Marvel tickets for Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday
I'm going to checkout Captain Marvel next weekend. One of my coworkers is upset at Brie Larson's comments.
no one wants to go and see captain marvel with me so i guess im going on my own then !
For any of them:. What would you say has been the most rewarding part of working on a film like Captain Marvel?
Tldr. Captain marvel seems really overhyped due to the female lead and while that's not a problem it kinda puts a bad taste in my mouth for when I actually go watch the movie.
Did you know Shazam made his first appearance in Whiz Comics issue 2 in February 1940! . (But as Captain Marvel). #Shazam #shazammovie @warnerbrosuk shazammovie 
GUYS I'M GONNA WATH CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW FIRST THING AFTER SCHOOL AHHH
Literally gonna be at the theatre watching captain marvel when sunlight drops lol
8.75/10 for captain marvel. Ok lesgo end game pic.twitter.com/dQByZE5dvl
I think all four of the videos have summarized the Captain Marvel controversy quite well:.    
Movie Review: Captain Marvel. Why is carol danvers is so strong?
SO UH. WHOS READY FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL!!?? #CaptainMarvel #Marvel #MarvelStudios pic.twitter.com/GY39ZHIGqN
Captain marvel tommorow?
It's actually kind of funny that Marvels Captain Marvel and DCs Captain Marvel is coming out the same year. BUT it also sucks bc I think they're going to be very different movies and that Shazam might not live up to its potential.  #Shazam
You should probs rereaserch what was said since this is clearly about captain marvel. Pretty sure all that was said was she wanted diversity in the preview screenings or whatever so thar more people from target audiences will be there. Idk though you seem like a reasonable guy...
Captain Marvel forgot to give its title character a personality, but at least Annette Bening made good use of the eyeliner budget.
/3 & now were told shes basically a female Chuck Yeager because I guess test pilots often go back & forth between flying & security guard duty . What evs. Around 2012, she drops the Ms. & becomes the new Captain Marvel because of feminism or something.
Captain marvel???
the thing that keeps me going today is the fact that im seeing captain marvel tomorrow
I wanna go see captain marvel for my birthday. I don't have shit else to do.
ITS CAPTAIN MARVEL WEEK YALL pic.twitter.com/k3HGPfFWb3
Captain Marvel
Me at Captain Marvel 
i really cant wait to see captain marvel on friday :o
I should watch 'Captain Marvel' with a friend of mine who's also a Marvel fan, like me.
Funny I asked my wife if she wants to see Captain Marvel. She said she would rather rape me instead
Absolute loved it. Captain Marvel #Shazampic.twitter.com/dGvIXlPY4P
I'm not 100% sold on Brie Larson as Captain Marvel (based solely on trailers). With that said... I still can't fucking wait to see this. If you're a guy who's actually upset over a female comic book hero.... Please fuck right off and let us enjoy it.
I think the point is Captain Marvel was protecting the earth before the Avengers team was....
yall should watch Captain Marvel I swear goose is the cutest
They did it came out in January funko shop exclusive for captain marvel
We can always just go see DC Comic's Captain Marvel, aka @ShazamMoviepic.twitter.com/nbU4OEiycx
also, fun fact, first captain marvel was a black woman, why not let a black woman have the role? oh yeah... brie got paid 5 million dollars
I was just saying how I haven't worked inventory in forever, which I'm totally fine with and the next thing I know is I get scheduled inventory Friday night. . Opening weekend for Captain Marvel.. Spoke too soon.
Diversity surely only offends Nazis and fascists? Isn't it exclusive monocultures that offend people: the problem is people seeing films like Captain Marvel or Black Panther as showing and only appealing to female or black monocultures.
Screw Disney's Captain Marvel. This the only superhero movie I can't wait to watch this year. 
Wonder Woman is so much better. This Captain Marvel film had tremendous potential but they turned it into a political tool where they act like they broke the glass ceiling for heroines. #CaptainMarvel disappoints. pic.twitter.com/3EUQAS3AOa
On the side note: my favorite Captain Marvel story was her battle with alcoholism after she loses her Binary powers in Kirk Busieks Avengers Supreme Justice. It fleshed out her character as someone with a complex who is trying to prove shes worthy while coping with loss.
captain marvel premiere in LA.  flyover scheduled for there.
ok so Im going on a date Friday when I get home to see Captain Marvel and thats all ima think about to get me through this week lmao
I'm not a big comic guy but why the hell is she named Captain Marvel? She's named after the damn brand? That'd be like if tom hanks' character in Sleepless in Seattle had the last name "Warner Bros" (assuming that company had something to do with that movie)
My answer to Has Captain Marvel actually been a women the whole time or was it Marvel's decision? 
He is the first captain marvel look it up
Fans are already in love with Captain Marvels feline friend Goose. But as it turns out, he wasn't the easiest cast member for Brie Larson to work with. 
I'm dying to see captain marvel I can't see it until saturday
I'm...ok guess you win today, Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/GgGUU9dwLY
The new Captain Marvel trailer looks dope
Im a proud Mexican American and I dont care to watch Captain Marvel. What does that say about me? Lol.
Captain Marvel @pinartoprak - when I heard the main interval was a minor 7th, I was in (and started playing with melodies with that leap).
Oof wow   "Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car"  
please stop fighting.. and just pre order tickets to captain marvel and call it a day ,.
I've had zero interest in the film from the jump because who has EVER given a shit about Captain Marvel? . To be fair, could have said the same thing about Guardians and that was good.. ...although their stars were not abrasive assholes, which helped.
The gamergate incel crowd is angry about an old video clip from Captain Marvel star Brie Larson about her not caring what white male critics say about "A Wrinkle In Time" (srsly). Forget it Molly, it's Twittertown.
Captain marvel
My friends and I already snagged tickets to see Captain Marvel on Saturday. I'm trying to find decent gear for us to wear. Though I got a pass to make them go in dino hats if I can find them ... pic.twitter.com/Vp0bVzDzi6
Hey. Im a Mexican. You are awesome and i want see Captain Marvel. #CaptainMarvel
Imagine when she discovers that Captain Marvel was created by two white men, Stan Lee and Gene Colan...
Captain marvel has left a lot of bad taste imo.. while Shazam just looks like a really fun movie
Brie Larson aka Captain Marvel backstage at Jimmy Kimmel. I do like a girl with hairy arms. pic.twitter.com/icwLhueIdx
ok so im going ia and may will delete twitter until after i see captain marvel. people are already saying spoilers on my tl and i dont know why its hard for yall to just show some decency and keep quiet until majority have seen it but ill be back saturday night. bye!
Ive heard several men say something pretty close- when the movie was first announced. That Captain Marvel just had to be a woman because of all this me too crap .... even thought the character is indeed female.
Captain Marvel, Endgame, and Spider-Man: the Best Spider-Man all out this year & STILL no Marvel half marathon in California. @rundisney get your act together. I have a Dr Strange medal for Hela sake and youre going to deprive me of a Spider-Best-Boy-goes-to London medal? Darn
I really want Captain Marvel to be good because I hate shitty movies that aren't that special kind of shitty that makes them great. I want to see both of these films.
OK STARTING TODAY UNTIL LIKE NEXT SUNDAY EVERY 12 HOURS OR SUMN IMMA BE REMINDING YALL TO KEEP CAPTAIN MARVEL SPOILERS OFF THE TL CAUSE YALL DONT HAVE MANNERS . Keep Captain Marvel spoilers off of the tl
Captain Marvel is gonna have a nice opening in China. #HigherFurtherFaster #CaptainMarvel 
CAptain MarvEL next week!!!!!!!!!!!
Blue Marvel and Spectrum movie pls. Monica is already supposedly in Captain Marvel so....lead in? Please?
Heres all of them: Us, Climax, Captain Marvel, Dumbo, Gloria Bell, Triple Frontier, Triple Threat, The Highwaymen, Hotel Mumbai, Dragged Across Concrete, The Mustang, Captive State, Greta. 
"I know we are here at the Captain Marvel premiere, but there is only one true captain at Marvel. You look cute and you could be my sidekick at any time.".  
5 more days to Captain Marvel
Why isnt captain marvel on bootleg yet
Review trolling aside, is anyone truly *excited* for a Captain Marvel movie? I mean, really?
Man you guys suck, he picked captain marvel but fn aren't just gonna give us 100 shards now they are gonna drip feed them to us over like a month .  Damn you Foxnext
As long as she doesnt kiss some dude to make him forget that shes Captain Marvel, were good. The key is dont make up new powers to cover shitty plot holes in your script, Donner.
#AlitaChallenge. If you want to see a strong Female superhero this weekend, I suggest that you see Alita: Battle Angel instead of Captain Marvel. According to Brie Larson and the Disney/Marvel marketing teams, Captain Marvel probably wasn't made for you anyway.
The Captain Marvel embargo lifts so late, looks like Marvel are onto a stinker . LOOOOOOOL pic.twitter.com/F8hhgp9gFT
The fight over Captain Marvel is hilarious. I'm going to see it and will probably like it but the @RottenTomatoes dustup is too much.  ". As shaky and unfocused as "Captain Marvel" often seems, it manages to reach its destination with confidence." - Ann Hornaday...not positive
I guarantee that Captain Marvel is Gonna be Pure Feminist Propaganda & a Trash Movie thats going to hurt the Franchise more than Anything... Ever since Stan-Lee Died they been Destroying his Characters & Franchise with Intersectionality... Same happened to The StarWars Franchise.
Forgot I bought 2 tickets to see Captain Marvel a month ago lol
Wheres the real captain marvel? The black women monica rambeau? Since brie speaks for us minorities. #whitewashing
Rotten Tomatoes had to turn off the reviews for Captain Marvel because butt hurt little fan boys cannot handle a movie that doesn't include them & was giving a movie they can't see because it isn't out bad reviews!
I rated Captain Marvel (2019) 7/10  #IMDb
I am so tired of the negativity in geek culture. Whether its Kingdom Hearts or Captain Marvel, let people enjoy things.. I'm especially sick of people using it to justify their sexism.
Only thing Im not looking forward to this week, is the Marvel and DC fanboys fighting over which movie was better. Wonder Woman or Captain Marvel  #YouCanLikeBoth
It would take the focus off the movie. Also if they drop it after captain marvel comes out, they can show us more new footage, possibly including carol.
MOVING ON TO GOOD THINGS CAPTAIN MARVEL RELEASES THIS FRIDAY NEXT WE HAVE AVENGERS ENDGAME . GOT FINAL SEASON TRAILER JUST DROPPED OUT I AM SO F EXCITED!
My nigga James Morrison coming thru with a new album on Friday and captain marvel drops that day too. I cant wait!
I would not mind if all straight white men became alienated from the MCU because of Captain Marvel, oml
Looking forward to the Captain Marvel movie.. I hope The Rock does well there.
Me: so excited for captain marvel this Friday.. Linisha: I see youre enjoying life. Me: life is there to be enjoyed what! . Linisha needs help.
now im gonna have to watch captain marvel at the cinema with a bunch of ANNOYING PEOPLE :((((((((((
bought my tickets for captain marvel lads pic.twitter.com/e1TJoatSzb
College gives out free captain marvel tickets and literally after ten minutes the tickets are all gone its sooo hard I just wanna see the movie.
Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car  
Is it Captain Marvel? I had something spoiled on here from a verified who had been to a press screening. It was in his review, idk what he was thinking.. It might be fake but if not I don't really mind, but I feel sorry for everyone else who are super excited for the film.
Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car by @latimesent
Captain Marvel this Thursday with the boys
Why does captain marvel look like pic.twitter.com/bVZG6Ts7st
all the normal people after watching captain marvel pic.twitter.com/VkWmUwCYOn
I'm not going to the bayo tour 'cause of Captain Marvel lmaaoo
Captain marvel at Thursday
TWO MORE DAYS TILL CAPTAIN MARVEL
Can we just skip Captain Marvel and head straight to Endgame 
Let's not forget that the lead in Alita: Battle Angel is of Hispanic descent. When you boycott Captain Marvel to own SJWS, you're also supporting a film that's equally progressive in some ways for women and people of color. pic.twitter.com/PLg16cIT0n
Like Captain Marvel merch was a bitch in a half to get a year ago because she was so obscure,now I can walk into any of my favorite store and empty my wallet on my favorite Hero! Thanks Marvel introducing this character in the MCU!
Its not a gender thing. Its just the story and how the comics were written.  If Thor were written to be a women then it would be that way, Likewise for captain marvel 
the fact that im seeing captain marvel on the international womens day makes it even more perfect
 .  captain marvel london, uk premiere pic.twitter.com/VcXn8ZyIBU
I thought dark Phoenix was stronger then captain marvel
Watching Captain Marvel on release day
Goals Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car  
i just went for the captain marvel one but i didnt have a darth vader pop so i went ahead and picked it up too. target is the only place that doesnt up the price for exclusives...
Review: Brie Larson deftly commands action-packed 'Captain Marvel' 
I saw @thekevinryder at the Captain Marvel Premiere last night. I think he was the first one out of the theater. He didn't see the tag scenes in the trailer
Drives me insane seeing someone with a photo of 10 Captain Marvels and 15 MJs
my mum is so excited for captain marvel. my impact !
how come captain marvel got 5.6 imdb rate??? ex-squeeze me
a friend of mine just watched captain marvel and she's like "can I call you I am confusion"
 Chapter 4 - "Captain Marvel". Victory:. Wipe out all enemies. Defeat:. Captain Marvel is defeated. #CaptainMarvel
advance rate of #CaptainMarvel in s.korea is 88%! way to go CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!! CAPTAIN MARVEL will makes BIG HIT!!!
#CaptainMarvel remains our only hope! . Otherwise. we'll be back to Thanos snapping everyone into dust . Witness the rise of a hero.. Captain Marvel  
Giving a solid 8/10 to Captain Marvel, holy fuck.. It's.. GOOD!!!
Got my ticket for a Thursday showing of Captain Marvel. Wuuuuuuh.
I wouldn't mind if black widow got the killing blow or even black panther.. You know anyone but captain marvel who is getting retconned into the universe in a film a few months before endgame is released.
Dark Phoenix looks better anyway, and if I must nerd out for a moment, Phoenix would dispose of Captain Marvel (not really Marvels most powerful hero) with ease.
NERD ALERT: Already bought tickets to see Captain Marvel this weekend. Roast me!
So apparently, if Captain Marvel does really really bad, they have created alternate scenes that include less of her in Endgame if her movie really bombs
Is that a Mighty Captain Marvel Hardcover???
Captain Marvel movie was really awesome!
Yeah... Captain Marvel isn't doing well at my local cinema. Here's 1pm: 
"Captain Marvels Many, Many Identities" by GEORGE GENE GUSTINES via NYT 
Perhaps the same people shilling for Captain Marvel
So... There's this whole arc in Captain Marvel where Carol dresses down the the entire Avengers team for letting a man abuse her.  But Ronda's husb-*app crashes*
Captain Marvel despite the mixed reviews I think will probably be a good movie. But if I see it and it turns out to be garbage its strange to think therell be people wholl defend it to death because of this weird culture war that were in.
IM SORRY IT WAS AN XMAS GIFT!! but google captain marvel purse IT SHOULD COME UP! i think the brand is loungefly?
Anywayyyy...... Plans for the next week include, MCU movie ranking, hopefully i'll finally get this Connor Hawke video up, Captain Marvel review hopefully Saturday (Should be seeing it Friday night) and whatever else comes to mind.
CAPTAIN MARVEL HAS ARRIVED AT THE WORLD RED CARPET PREMIERE!!! 
Attention all Marvel Superhero fans! Your wait is coming to an end soon. Yes! Captain Marvels sneak preview is available this Wed, 6 March, one day before opening at Festive Arts Theatre. Book your tickets at... 
I agree, people who hate white men shouldnt be able to see Captain Marvel.
the e news captain marvel commercial i-
Captain Marvel will never be an iconic character. No matter how much Disney tries to push it.
So they might come back? I hope they do and I hope captain marvel is good but who knows
There was a male Captain Marvel wins ago. The character of Shazam also used to be named Captain Marvel. But, and I cannot stress this enough, all of these complaints are meaningless.
Captain Marvel, checked.
@maliciousglee @scanky_chops @GrazieTotti91 I need one of you to watch Captain Marvel ASAP so I can geek out over it in your DMs pls
I'm getting the vibe that my brother preemptively hates Captain Marvel because of the manufactured outrage over it.... Meanwhile, my dad is fully hyped, so what universe have I entered?! pic.twitter.com/rCFuaz5k7C
Captain Marvel reviews summed up: loads of fun!!!
...Isn't Captain Marvel super-powered anyway?
ah I forget captain Marvel tomorrow..
Michele Pfeiffer's Catwoman origin story was amazing af too. Revived by feral urban cats. Sure af better than an alien Captain Marvel passing his powers on to Carol Danvers.
and captain marvel is out this week omg
finding all the possible ways to watch captain marvel this week despite my packed schedule ksksks
No one will notice that OG Captain Marvel still isnt considered an Avenger in game... For some reason. #Kabammed
Captain Marvel's post-credit scene!!!!!!!
Captain marvel this week
Can yall believe were actually getting captain marvel this week pic.twitter.com/wRw8VHvx14
Why couldn't all of the Captain Marvel marketing have been like that commercial that was just on #Raw?  That was an actual GOOD look at it instead of the way they've been pushing it for the rest of the build up...
okay I'm gonna be inactive because if captain marvel spoilers so rip
Boycotting Captain Marvel? Ha! Thats not really a thing is it?
no one:. me, an obsessed fangirl but also an intellectual: white and straight men who hates captain marvel have small dicks.
Wanna peep Captain Marvel at the Cinebarre Friday
Bskaksjjf I get to go see Captain Marvel for my Father Daughter date with my dad next Friday!!!!. I'm excited!!!
If they made deal in 2015 they had to fit movie in phase 3 somewhere and I was going get black panther and captain marvel no matter what, basically I was excited what they were going to with panther, Spider-Man and captain marvel
bc it's not just captain marvel or miles morales, there have been dozens of avengers and xmen relaunches in the last decade too, and you're attributing the broad market declines due to event fatigue to specific characters poisoning the well, not larger sales strategies
So why is there so much anger for the new captain marvel? Looks like you're typical marvel film.
So if you skim the fresh reviews on rotten tomatoes, you will see a lot of critics holding back or lying just to be on the woke side of reviews for Captain Marvel.. Can't truss'em pic.twitter.com/Juq3V724Zx
All I see on twitter is people complaining about people hating captain marvel but not the people hating on captain marvel?
Oh we in there deep for Captain Marvel, hope we have this energy for Endgame
'Captain Marvel' star Brie Larson pushes for off-screen inclusion 
i might not be able to see captain marvel again next week bc i have exams >:((
If not wanting to see Captain Marvel in the theater makes someone a sexist, what does that make someone who doesn't want to see Tyler Perry's A Madea Family Funeral?
my classmates were talking about seeing captain marvel on friday, maybe some guys have rights
I genuinely thought Captain Marvel might be the worst Marvel movie but its pretty good.
CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT TODAY CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT TODAY CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT TODAY CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT TODAY CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT TODAY CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT TODAY CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT TODAY CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT TODAY
Captain Marvel was uhm.... Endgame na!
I meant specifically a Funko Shop Exclusive for the Captain Marvel film.
Bought my tickets for Captain Marvel!
i cant wait to watch captain marvel!!!!
today in target the was a couple standing near me & the husband pointed out the captain marvel display to his wife and she said meh and it took everything within me not to say something
I wouldn't find it weird if we got #ReleaseTheNonCaptainMarvelEndgameCut trending. What is wrong with these people? They will find anything to hate on Captain Marvel, even if it is outrageous lies smh...
Liberating. Cute. Forgettable. . While a solid film, Captain Marvel seems more intent on setting Carol Danvers up for future appearances than making her first film truly great.. 'Captain Marvel' flies high and fast, but struggles with narrative turbulence.
'Captain Marvel' throws back to the '90s with optical illusion posters designed to make you hate yourself 
*tweets about and tags captain marvel* but you dont give a damn right im feeling great, super excited  
Im not meaning anything about that. The mcu captain marvel has always been female. But if they changed that n made it male. It wudnt be right. Ghostbusters n the oceans movies were all male. Gender swapping the 2 franchise movies is what ruined the ghostbusters n oceans 8 movies
Brie Larson flies towards stardom. Time for a Reel CAPTAIN MARVEL review.. #CaptainMarvel #ReelReview 
From now on Im making it very clear, anybody that talks about captain marvel movie or Brie will be blocked. Just letting you know early. I did what had to be done. I dont like her. I dont want to see her. I dont want to see people talk about her. Nothing. I will not support. pic.twitter.com/zdFDldHq60
Thought while watching Captain Marvels end credit scene: "IT ALL MAKES SENSE NOW!"
#ContestofChampions #NextArena . Featured: CAPTAIN MARVEL. Basic: BEAST pic.twitter.com/6LsHNxhULr
Does anyone wanna come see Captain Marvel with me and Jenny Saturday night? We have an extra ticket were giving away for free. Had a friend back out because he forgot he was gonna be out of town. Its an IMAX 2D showing in Bellevue at 745. Lemme know
Bang it's a bird. Wow. A man of steel - no a woman. Shazam.. Already critical blurbs are showing awesome reactions to "Captain Marvel" (Disney/Marvel) starring Brie Larson, even as a male-versus-female controversy emerges. 
She should've been cast as Captain Marvel instead of Larson.
Emily Blunts Captain Marvel.. Why didnt this happen? pic.twitter.com/CeY9decyT6
I SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL IN ONE WEEK!!!!
when are you seeing captain marvel?  thursday night! 
Booked my ticket to see Captain Marvel next Friday, Getting excited already
the captain marvel fb reviews... sexist men rly are the worst
Captain Marvel! pic.twitter.com/66uWmfFAc7
5 DAYS ARE LEFT FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL WHATTTT
Colsons in Captain Marvel? pic.twitter.com/CYAfyVrBbn
Best Captain marvel shirt 
As Captain Marvel powers her way to cinema - what about the other Captain Marvel - Shazam? (Purple Revolver) via /r/captainmarvel 
The Internet: "Dawn of Justice is bad because the reviews say it's bad!". Also the Internet: "I know the reviews say Captain Marvel is bad, but give it a chance and judge for yourself."
I cannot wait to take my kid to see Captain Marvel. Getting to watch him grow up in a world where female superheroes are part of the landscape is such a privilege.
dude i wish i could go see captain marvel early #Marvel #CaptainMarvel #CarolDanvers #BrieLarson #GooseTheCat #NickFury #SamuelLJackson
#80YearsOfBatmanTaughtMe I still hold up.  I'm looking forward to Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/YP6jelWVbK
I guess being a white male Im not allowed to see captain marvel because some lady on twitter said so
Im excited for Captain Marvel & Us
the critics who are mad at Captain Marvel apparently hasn't seen wander woman. she is no different.
Captain Marvel was absolutely AMAZING
Captain Marvel dropped? Ohh I might buss that move later today then .
Anyone trying to see Captain Marvel Saturday night or anytime Sunday?
mending captain marvel lah
anyway... i finally reserved a seat for captain marvel on wednesday
Everyone's mad about the Captain Marvel movie.. And everyone's mad about people who are mad about the Captain Marvel movie.. And I'm here like "There's a Captain Marvel movie?". Celebrity gossip is worthless news.
I was SO WRONG about Captain Marvel - An apology video  via @YouTube
#BrieLarson you don't have to worry about white males watching Captain Marvel as me and my family will not watch any movie you are in.
Are they serious here or is this a the onion or the betoota advocate level of satire and parody?? I dont know why so many people are vehemently against Captain Marvel and Larson. I dont get it.
*deep breath in*. I WOULD DIE FOR THE LADIES OF CAPTAIN MARVEL. #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/1VNdxs2qRh
Because Captain Marvel was an integral part of the infinity Gauntlet comics and should be included in the live action adaptation. Now i think we should have had a Widow movie before an unknown character, but that's just being picky. I truly hate that other men are so stupid
dont worry guys ill take one for the team and watch captain marvel 82 times
As I continue to watch #Marvel films in the run up to the release of Captain Marvel and Avengers: Endgame I'm now up to #SpiderManHomeComingpic.twitter.com/xqSzVuPgLz
CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!!!!
Boston friend coming in Monday thru Thursday. Thursday night Im getting my first tattoo. Friday going to Charleston Food & Wine. Saturday is Captain Marvel. Then Sunday Funday. Staycation cant get here soon enough!
Perhaps you should post it after confirming that Captain Marvel doesn't bomb at box office. And i don't think anyone had problems with WOnder Woman just like nobody has a problem with Alita. Rest of those shows were just bad (Ghostbusters) or boring (She-Ra)
told yall, captain marvel is a gays event only. straight men can choke 
No bro go see alita in theaters it will not disappoint I guarantee. It's dope af I'm gonna go see it again, and I agree with you on waiting for captain marvel.
Ke Captain Marvel, sir?
Brie Larson Is Giving Me Every Reason to Believe "Captain Marvel" Is Going to Suck 
PLEASE HELP this MAGAtard just stormed into our early screening of Captain Marvel and shot a thick load in my gfs hair if you have any information about this man please dm me immediately pic.twitter.com/CmBFOkH3dt
Captain Marvel
I actually thought black panther was good. And i'll hold back judgment of captain marvel until I see it
Captain Marvel is just the pregame to the End Game.
A3=Captain Marvel is set in 1995 . #CaptainMarvelOnPaytm. #CaptainMarvel
Infinity war had great chemistry, characters, an interesting script with unique set design, and one of if not the best looking cgi being in a movie. Captain Marvel (from the trailers and sneak peeks) looks like another Black Panther or Civil War
Here's My #CaptainMarvel Captain Marvel WHY YOU SHOULD WATCH CAPTAIN MARVEL! Video   #AvengersEndGame #BrieLarsonpic.twitter.com/pitEkUmNvW
"This is the Starter Collection. So...which Volume 1 should I buy?!" Navigating Marvel's digital CAPTAIN MARVEL sale  via @comicsbeat
I might be jumping to conclusions here, but is the USAF hoping Captain Marvel will be to them what Top Gun was for the Navy? @bloodysamoan @MicRiot
Captain Marvel (2019) 
okay change of plans im seeing captain marvel this weekend? hopefully?
io9s review does mention Goose so its officially my favorite Captain Marvel review
Captain Marvel needing fingers like that should not be a surprize.
editors remember when we only had fake pics of brie as captain marvel and the sneaky bts pics and we just worked with that for our edits NDNSNDND
Yeah, buddy. Okay. Looking forward to Captain Marvel next week. Chilling today.
just searched for brie larson on youtube to see if there were new interviews and the first 3 videos were about how she was ruining marvel and how women don't want to see captain marvel. anyway
Next Friday is our big CAPTAIN MARVEL DAY Celebration! Get the full scoop on everything going on!. 
I just booked my captain marvel tickets and Im so happy I cant stop smiling
I really enjoyed Captain Marvel and idgaf what any reviews say
Well I don't care for Captain Marvel but I don't waste time talking about it. 
Please Captain Marvel !!!
Considering going to see Captain Marvel just to confirm my theory that the entire movie is based on Tubthumping
You seem to be objecting to scrutiny.  . If Brie Larsons physical appearance is unimportant to her character as Captain Marvel, why a butt double? The ONLY thing a full round butt does that a flat bottom doesnt is enhance sex appeal ....
Just going to step-in and fade away after this. Captain Marvel isn't a reboot. And just going to say she isn't a bad character in the comics.
I feel like Im the only one HYPED for Captain Marvel
Screw Captain Marvel we need this guy right here to defeat Thanos
Oh come off it Roy! You know this is a movie about Carol Danvers Captain Marvel and not Monica Captain Marvel right? This is no different than Peter Parker Spider-Man and Miles Morales Spidey. They are two different Captain Marvel's you moron!
36 hours from seeing Captain marvel and i've only spoiled myself on the end credit scene(s). Do I have the willpower to not read the full spoilers? No one knows
Im going to watch Captain Marvel once. Not sure I owe any company guaranteed viewing like that, but its off the strength of Infinity War and wanting to be prepared for Endgame. Ill tell yall if its wack
This is how I fangirl:. Tonight - Celtics @ Warriors. Wednesday - Dear Evan Hansen. Thursday - Captain Marvel. Friday - Devil May Cry 5
Captain Marvel comics reading order  Den of GeekUK 
"One of the things we love about Ronan is that he is the Accuser" wtf is happening on this Captain Marvel premiere livestream. Lee Pace hates them. It's like watching a very slow and unentertaining car crash.
Captain marvel is one punch man op
Captain Marvel on Friday.. DUKE vs. UNC on Saturday. . this weekend lit.
Straight up Brie Larson makes some weird ass faces in the Captain Marvel trailer that makes me question if those were the best shots.
Oh fuck captain marvel comes out this week
Congrats again to How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World for being at #1 for the 2nd weekend in a row! Next weekend, Captain Marvel takes over! #CaptainMarvel
i cant wait to go see captain marvel next week
this time in 2 days imma be watching captain marvel BITCH pic.twitter.com/zEeCHegtzq
Me and my friends outside of Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/YUQBCgWRXA
Mind you, I take issue with the Captain Marvel media blitz, but it's mostly because I like the classic Fawcett Captain Marvel, and dislike how Marvel took the name and kept slapping it on characters hoping that something would stick (and the MCU is a mighty glue). pic.twitter.com/6FwaSWZgNY
Yeah, that would make sense. They knew were taking a risk, so they've probably hedged their bets a bit. It wouldn't surprise me if they have two cuts of Endgame just in case Captain Marvel fails
Ngl the Captain Marvel trailer is a disappointment, so I hope the actual movie is better because boiii Marvel cannot mess this up
Captain marvel Thursday at midnight  #captainmarvel #NickFury
But Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel are even different studios, what was the point?!
1. You fight Ronda Rousey.. 2. Captain Marvel has superhuman strength and the ability to sense the future. I don't think anyone is going to watch the movie and think they can shoot lasers out of their hands.
Imba, Captain Marvel.
Hmm no the original male Captain Marvel was the most popular version of the character Monica was second. Carol Danvers is one of the less popular versions.
What percentage of Coulson can we expect in Captain Marvel? Sorry i'm late for the questioning
Bro honestly that shit looks aight, I'm more interested in that than I am captain marvel.
a tip for my international friends ! captain marvel comes out 2 days earlier in australia so if u want to avoid spoilers then u might want to either mute ur australian mutuals or go ia for a couple of days because some people are rly inconsiderate and stupid !
Don't get me wrong, I'm psyched about the Captain Marvel movie, but a very large part of me wishes that they had given her her short hair
lmao disney is literally forcing theaters to only play captain marvel for an entire week in australia. they're really getting desperate
My favourite thing about all the incels attempting to bring down the Captain marvel movie is that Brie Larson could literally kick the shit out of you, probably with minimal effort, if she was so inclined due to the Captain Marvel training she did. 
ROFL!!!!! Marvels captain marvel never said shazam. your thinking of DC's captain marvel. LOL!!!! pic.twitter.com/fh7BIhuevp
To be fair, Captain Marvel Was a bad choice .. Nova would have been a better choice or Adam Warlock . Captain Marvel, particularly the Carol Danvers version is amazingly shitty to the point they have rebooted her seven times in ten years and still don't know what to do with her
But I hear white men aren't allowed to watch Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel & Us.
Captain Marvel movie? Meh. Scarlet Witch and Dr. Strange movie to better develop an even better female character? Hell yeah
"Captain Marvel" Calls On Kris Jenner For Added Film Promo  Captain Marvelstarring BrieLarson hits theatres this Friday and if you weren't already excited to see it, then maybe Kris Jenner and Lisa Rinna can get you stoked. The 
PSA that Captain Marvel comes out 00:01 Thursday next week.
That's my late night movie for the "Marvel Studios Captain Marvel" (PG13: Some Violence) as the opening session which Shaw Theatres open all the cinemas late specially for this 
It's a real shame that most of the major outlets have chosen to get white men to review Captain Marvel lol
Soooooo it looks like Ill have to close at my job on Saturday BUT the owner (who Im friends with) offered to buy Captain Marvel tickets to go see afterwards!
So many books and Captain Marvel come out this week and my broke ass is crying.
I've read rumors (which are absolutely true because INTERNET) that Disney/Marvel have been re-shooting scenes for Avengers 4 with less Captain Marvel in it. Just in case Captain Marvel bombs. Which is looking to be the case.
Hapit na magshowing ang Captain Marvel kaso I'm so broke
We took weaponized autism (Captain Marvel and said challenge) and turned it on it's head
No one said woman was anyones responsibility. leave my mentions and go back to hating on captain marvel please
anyway whenever anyone mentions "the captain marvel movie" I will very tediously be saying, "oh which one?"
ALSO IM SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL ON FRIDAY IM SO EXCITED
i want my sister to see captain marvel. not because of the whole her(o) thing, i love it,,, but she thinks its bullshit and i want to prove to her that its a good thing
got my ticket 4 captain marvel
Dont spoil captain marvel pls Im tryna see it this weekend
CAPTAIN MARVEL . (Ryan Fleck & Anna Boden, 2019). global : 9.6/10. screenplay : 9.5/10. rhythm : 10/10. cinematography : 10/10. sound : 9/10. casting : 9.5/10 pic.twitter.com/j4EePDq8ij
Saw this comment on a captain marvel as today where bri was talking about her training  dudebros are really trying to reach now pic.twitter.com/8yev4U7RS2
my school is doing a free captain marvel premiere next friday but it starts at 10pm and i commute pic.twitter.com/w8Qo2Zuv0A
Captain Marvel is the most powerful character in the MCU, Marvel says 
Captain Marvel .... 4DX..are you ready @oja_bella ? 
Make sure you don't drink from the wrong water fountain before watching Captain Marvel.
So @alexisschumaker egoed me irl so I got 2 movie tickets to captain marvel this Thursday at 9:40pm in Monroe Michigan dm for more details
Men are no longer about to talk about #captainmarvel unless they are. A) in it. B) Kevin Feige. C) those guys from the video where they yell at other men to buy Captain Marvel tickets
Eternals, Captain Marvel, Far From Home, X-Men, Fantastic Four.  Surely Black Panther 2, Doctor Strange 2, the Series with Falcon and Bucky, Vision and Wanda.  Who knows what else.. Why would you get out now?
Captain Marvel
I will not be seeing Captain Marvel. It's like $15 fuck that
Im not mad. I dont give a shit whether you see the movie or not.  Not sure where you get off calling captain marvel a racist, but I have to wonder if youve been like this for all superhero movies.
Disney: Captain Marvel is a period piece set in the 90s.. Me: Cool. 1890s.. Disney: 1990s.. Me: pic.twitter.com/hRuQbAdvyc
Because marvel can pick and choose as they please, they dont have to follow the comic beat for beat. This is only reaction and maybe s couple of others, who weren't hyped on Carol danvers. Most people are loving brie Larson captain marvel.
Excited to go see Captain Marvel soon! April 5th! pic.twitter.com/zrYKaolLCD
This is garbage. You cant honestly think this? He is captain marvel. Balls of steel.
Now let's take a special look at (one of the behind the scenes featurettes on the eventual DVD of) CAPTAIN MARVEL!
Tbh I had never heard of this actress until the new Captain Marvel movie
How do SJWs not get that nobody hates captain marvel because shes a woman? Its the feminist and sjw bullshit embedded in the movie and Bries hatred of white men.
No. They spelled "Captain Marvel" right. "Dark Phoenix" has better cinematography, but the trailers have been just as unengaging as the trailers for "Captain Marvel".
Holy shit, I'm seeing Captain Marvel next week!
What?!? I thought it was already released. That sucks. Now Ill have to find some other grown up movie to watch while my kids see Captain Marvel. :/
Cant be a flop if all theaters are showing it in every theater hell I was planning on seeing alita battle Angel friday but looks like I can't because every screening is for captain marvel
Tomorrow it will be Captain Marvel's day, so let's bring this back pic.twitter.com/9wGAIURuY1
OKAY but real talk theres a huge chance Ill be in public when 47 hours drops because Im watching Captain Marvel at the 9pm showing and I dont have how to predict how Im going to react at all so this. Is fine.
Can't wait to see captain marvel's mid and post credit scenes. #AvengersEndgame
captain marvel comes out in less than a week and yall are STILL having steve vs tony discourse on my blessed tl while we should just be all stanning carol. dont make me tired
Congrats @vincentdonofrio! Just saw the showtimes listed at some theaters this weekend and Im pumped. The Kid, Climax, and Captain Marvel. Sounds like a good weekend for movies! Thanks!
I did watch DragonBall. He was born bulletproof. He starts out weaker than the antagonist (piccolo, Vegeta, freeza) then he becomes massively more powerful. I like DragonBall my friend. The point is captain marvel is just as valid as Goku.
Nak tengok Captain Marvel next wooooohooo!! Cant waitttt
WHEREs IAIN @ THIS CAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIER ??
Probably would've to wait till Monday to see Captain Marvel on Monday, would log off after tomorrow night then
Need to watch captain marvel in two weeks
Comic book movies are so omnipresent, I barely pay attention, so had no idea "Captain Marvel" was directed and written by Anna Boden & Ryan Fleck ("Mississippi Grind"). If the lesson of Rian Johnson and Patty Jenkins proves true, it will be much more Marvel than Boden/Fleck.
Next Captain Marvel Access Media video is cooking. Be out soon.
Here's my take on CAPTAIN MARVEL: I can't wait to see THE IRISHMAN.
NOTHING BUT RESPECT FOR MY CAPTAIN MARVEL #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/QroHk5UJAy
Fuck all the hate, we let peoples personal life affect our judgement of movies, not this gal. I enjoy loving my life rather then hating on so much in my life. I love Captain Marvel, and i am still going to see it
"CaPtAiN maRvEl SuCkS!!" 
IM GOONG TO THE CAPTAIN MARVEL LA PREMIER TODAY IS AN AMAZING DAY!!!
12 Movies To See In March: Us, Captain Marvel, & More  via @ThePlaylist
Except Black panther is acutally quite good (not the movie of the decade, but still good). And for Heaven's sake, Captain Marvel hasn't been released yet!!!!!!!! Don't bury the movie!!!!!!!!!!!
I mean its pretty much using your time to do something else other than watch Captain Marvel...btw youre a creeper bro you belong on r/niceguys
Captain Marvel is okay !
DW the real captain marvel drops in April pic.twitter.com/ZXesQznEhe
Dear Jack, please let me say something:. You are a fucking idiot, i want see Captain Marvel, and i want see Alita too, but i dont wanna see one thing, your opinion, why? Easy, because your opinion is useless and patetic 
For all our sakes i hope so. Captain Marvel was meant to be the breaching charge for phase 4. It NEEDED to be Good. My gut says its going to be very bad.
The movie & TV season really begins this March! Captain Marvel, Game of Thrones, End Game, Far From Home.
me while looking brie larson as captain marvel pic.twitter.com/BkfZxN18Mv
Captain Marvel day pic.twitter.com/LtEwBAtdrP
have to watch the Captain Marvel red carpet premiere later
AHHHHH IM JUST EXCITED FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL BEING IN THE MCU AHAGQIQBNAHAJA
Ingin nonton captain marvel:"
Captain Marvel tomorrow!
Thanks tony ima buy your captain marvel ticket now
the saga of men degrading the captain marvel movie, brie larson, and women who are involved/excited for the film is what convinces the aliens to come down from outer space and wipe us out as a species
Brie what's the most challenging thing about playing Captain Marvel?
Good reviews can't include spoilers. I love your site but you dismissing critics so often is a little bit hurtful to some of us who are trying to write meaningful pieces on Captain Marvel.
I cant wait for Ffh omg are you going to watch captain marvel Im not really interested in it but I could change my mi  Im a HUGE mcu fan I've seen every movie multiple times so im definitely seeing captain marvel, i got my tickets like 2 
fUCK YEAH BRING ON CAPTAIN MARVEL
Also, if you don't stan a thicc Captain Marvel, get off my feed, bruh.
think captain marvel might be the first MCU movie i dont watch
The fact that there are men mad about captain marvel .... like there isnt a shitload of male superheroes .... women cant have anything, can we?
I commented on a captain marvel ad on Facebook so pray for me... Facebook whiteguys r extra yikes
im so excited to see coulson in captain marvel u have no idea
captain marvel comes out in 3 days and im not even hyped huh
Captain marvel is a dyke
who's your favorite heroes?  CAPTAIN MARVEL, THOR, IRONMAN :) 
Nope.  Captain Marvel isn't even that big of a name.  No one knew about the Guardians Of The Galaxy and a lot of people loved their movies.. They're trying so hard to make Captain Marvel into Wonder Woman which isn't gonna happen.
I just want to know what YouTube polls are trying to accomplish. Like, yes, Ive heard of the new Captain Marvel and Madea movie coming out but why can I only pick one? If I pick Madea is YouTube going to give me Captain Marvel ads until I die? I am very much confusion
They toned down her southern draw. Then, no captain marvel.
Between the constant bitching about Captain Marvel from the usual suspects and the woke crowd claiming that the film is secretly a giant military ad. I honestly wish someone would pull the plug on this insufferable website already.. Its like Tumblr all over again.
You wanna talk about Captain America as Toxic Masculinity and Nationalism, I'm down.  But in most of the MCU the military are definitely cast in a negative light.  Captain Marvel is a big shift.
I am seeing Captain Marvel at 10:20 pm on Saturday after work! I have center row reserved seats that are reclining and have seat warmers! Gonna be great!
In fact, they should make Captain Marvel sacrifice herself to stop Thanos in the next Avengers movie so we don't get a Captain Marvel sequel.
Meet the Berklee grad who wrote the score for Captain Marvel  
Captain Marvel looks like she could get beat up by Ant Man.. smh how she gonna stop Thanos smh
Detective Pikachu,Captain Marvel,Us,Dumbo,Avengers Endgame,Aladdin,Toy Story 4,The Lion King,Spider-Man Far From Home,It Chapter 2,Frozen 2, Stars Wars IX
CAPTAIN MARVEL WASS amaaazzing . 9.5/10 . Nick fury was the best in this and the cat moment was the funniest in the whole mcu . Cant wait for Endgame! .
We already had a Wonder Woman movie! Why do we need Captain Marvel?". Marvel and DC...
TIX ID udah ngejual tiket pre-sale Captain Marvel hehe, so excited!. I can fly HIGHER. so, I can walk FURTHER. and run either FASTER. . -Irda-. #CaptainMarvel #HIGHER #FURTHER #FASTER
(And so is yours. Youre kvetching about Captain Marvel almost as much as he is.)
Thats awesome! Speaking of which, I found a pic from first time I saw somebody cosplaying as Captain Marvel; all the way back in Nov. 2012. A very cool event at the Norman Rockwell Museum, a gala for an exhibition of the work of Alex Ross (which I dragged my whole family to). pic.twitter.com/zS7oDvKE5j
Captain Marvel(CM) trademark was own by fawcett comics in the 30 though the 50s. in mid 1950 fawcett stop producing CM because of failing comic sales and DC lawsuit. Trademark lapsed and Marvel picked it up in 60s. DC leased CM the character from fawcett in the 70s (cont.)
I don't know when I'm gonna see Captain Marvel cause my local cinema still didn't add times for the first week on their website.. Do I need to leave stan twitter until I saw it (the same with Endgame)?
15 Captain Marvel Fan Theories That Could Still Be True (And 10 We Hope Aren't) 
I'm seeing Alita Battle Angel TODAY and I'll be posting my review of that movie tomorrow, as a reminder on the day Captain Marvel opens to GO SEE ALITA!
Because i do not appreciate the direction to which marvel seems to be heading judging from the marketing of this film. I was excited when i first saw the post-crefids scene regarding captain marvel in iw. But I am disgusted at the way they've handled the opportunity so far
Captain Marvel Z spoiler alert (1) #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/wg6AvPQrvR
I havent been to the movies since December and I miss it. I definitely have to go see captain marvel this weekend.
Awwwwshit Captain Marvel is this week pic.twitter.com/Deyg1y1EXe
With only days until Captain Marvel is finally released, Brie Larson has proven herself to be a locked safe when it comes to spoilers. But it hasn't been... 
You heards it here folks. Captain marvel was amazing all along and a group of insecure men couldn't handle it and flooded the movie with negative reviews. Nothing to worry about now #CaptainMarvel 
Hey parents. Would you let your 8 year old see a PG13 movie? (Captain Marvel)
so many people on the tl have watched captain marvel already omg i am so excited for tomorrow!!
Ready for Captain Marvel this weekend
Movie review: 'Captain Marvel' is just OK, not quite marvelous 
pls im broke and i wanna see captain marvel on friday
Muted all captain marvel stuff bc spoilers :)
Captain Marvel by @_pryce14. Straight pic.twitter.com/hIl2ljgNGU
The Stan Lee cameo in Captain Marvel is going to make you cry: We're less than a week 
Everything you need to know about Captain Marvel's cat  . Technically, Captain Marvel is the lead of Captain Marvel. But for the cat lovers out there, it'll be Goose who emerges as the real star of the show.. SEE ALSO: Who's who in 'Captain Marvel'. The o
Im going to see Captain Marvel Thursday night.
As more of a DC fan anyway, I have the luxury of bringing some levity to the whole Brie Larson situation for you - so if you REALLY want to get under her skin, your Captain Marvel reviews (should you see it) can be about what didn't work for you about A Wrinkle in Time... pic.twitter.com/2VJnA9Ed0M
2 DAYS TILL CAPTAIN MARVEL I DONT THINK I CAN HANDLE IT pic.twitter.com/eDOUhJbA0O
Can someone buy me 30 tickets to see Captain Marvel?
'Captain Marvel' throws back to the '90s with optical illusion posters designed to make you hate yourself 
I see Captain Marvel in less than 18 hours :)
And with just my ticket for Captain Marvel & Alita its already paid for this month. So I definitely try to see other movies I had any slight interest in.
Excited to see Captain Marvel this Thursday. Ticket purchasing was so long ago I had forgotten if I bought my ticket or not.
New post: "Captain Marvel meets some of the highest expectations yet for a Marvel movie" 
If only captain marvel had been from a different race... pic.twitter.com/UhRG2qOBue
IM SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL THURSDAY NIGHT IM SO EXCITED
why does superheros series always sell??? avengers, doctor stranger, etcetcetc which movie will be out the same time as captain marvel? Lol advance tics are like 200k+ vs 6000 Lol
Captain marvel: girl alwaysss win.
I'm bored already. They got Captain Marvel out of the way. Now they need to do a Storm or Dora Milaje film.
might skip my last lecture on Thursday to go watch Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/kvTvAbav5J
Captain marvel tomorrow!
@ImALittlePeanut captain marvel x2839293020402 
Can it be the weekend so I can watch Captain Marvel now? :c
Captain Marvel 4 more days
I always liked the Captain Marvel/SHAZAM character in the comics & so far they seem to be getting the movie right.. Its the only Captain Marvel movie Im looking forward to this year...
FUNKO POP! CAPTAIN MARVEL GLOW IN DARK #433 TARGET EXCLUSIVE In Hand 
Youre doing a good job, Lindsey! Havent seen Captain Marvel yet but I have a feeling Ill agree with your take on it. The trailers have left me wondering how much substance there is in the movie and characters.
Wonder Woman looking like it's better than Captain Marvel. No surprise.
NONE of the stores around me have any of the Captain Marvel figures.  Nothing at all.  Pretty hilarious.
Captain Marvel comes out on Friday!
Meh, Im here waiting on Captain Marvel
Captain Marvel y'all..... im speechless
Videos coming out this weekend!. 1. Captain Marvel review. 2. MCU Heroes Ranking Updated w/ Captain Marvel. 3. End Game Series Captain America: The Winter Soldier w/ @patrick50591664 . 4. End Game Series Guardians Of The Galaxy w/ @worldofdurbania . 5. Captain Marvel SPOILER Talk TBA
Shazam is the real Captain Marvel
He's nervous because at the back of his 'superior intellect' brain there is a niggling thought that captain marvel could bend him over and peg him and there is bugger all he could do about it! What a snowflake.
How excited am I for Captain Marvel? Not much. 
Lol - yeah I dont see where the line logically needed to be drawn from Captain Marvel to movies from 2013 and 2006 at the outset; but here we are . LAZINESS I suppose.
Bought tickets for IMAX Captain Marvel this Saturday night. Got my weekend pass for @HsvExpo. Ready to geek it up this weekend.
Sure hai almost . Captain Marvel Innitial reports
Brie Larson: I did not think I could be strong before Captain Marvel training 
All this week, I'll be posting reviews of last week's comics. . Amazing Spider-man #16 Steven Universe #25 Captain Marvel: Braver & Mightier Wonder Woman #65 Fantastic Four #7 Daredevil #2 . Starting tomorrow
Watch Captain Marvel. It's amazing.
I will not be active as much on here from tonight to friday night to avoid spoilers for captain marvel! im seeing it friday, i cannot wait to see my girl on screen pic.twitter.com/gZwMIl9qFn
Guess the demographic on the "disappointing" reviews.... ""Kicks ass" or "disappointing"? Read the mixed Captain Marvel reviews"  
Tonight I learned that Brie Larson is the coolest and Captain Marvel is now my favorite
Kevin Feige says "[Captain Marvel] is one of the most popular characters in our comics...". Then this dude shows up with footage of lots of number 1 issues (and number 2 issues, and number 3 issues) sitting piled up on the shelves still... . Oh boy.... 
got captain marvel tickets, lets get it
why are people saying to watch Alita to combat against captain marvel or something. what is this nonsense
Captain marvel im cominggggg @brielarson
Mad annoying jumping on YouTube and seeing all the videos bashing Captain Marvel already. These clowns love giving reactionary feminists reason to bitch about nonsense.
Is Captain Marvel the key to defeating thanos?
And if u care about diversity tweet about movies that are telling new stories about new people instead of complaining about about a positively rated blockbuster that doesnt need your help  because you already hate captain marvel before youve even seen it
Why am I meant to be excited about Captain Marvel?  What are her powers?  Who is the bad guy?  What are the stakes?. All I'm getting is "one more Marvel origin story."
captain marvel review embargo has been lifted and apparently it's the Thor 2 of Phase 3 pic.twitter.com/KP8oVk13U6
really really bummed about the military propaganda crap in captain marvel tbh
Captain Marvel is so soon and I'm super excited.
So like Captain Marvel is coming out in a week and because I run the movie club my job is let us go see it so I dont gotta pay bless . Lets see if they gonna let us watch Shazam and Endgame too  pic.twitter.com/8AWb8JNgGs
I just remembered I'm seeing Captain Marvel on Thursday I'm dingtusongonwlkjgdhnsajfndskgndsagdsaf
Ruby Rose was the captain Marvel we deserved. I will die on this hill. Add 15 pounds and shes it.
The ballroom was decorated a nice gold color with red and blue streamers hanging off a majestic chandelier in the middle. Around the room are 5 massive 10 feet tall banners of Captain Marvel herself or maybe the Hala Star. There were lights everywhere and multiple tables >
im omw to see captain marvel another win for italian gays :))
Captain Marvel comes out on March 8th and March 8th is international womens day. Coincidence? #CaptainMarvel
I really hope theres an important part in captain marvel that will relate to endgame so these sexist men boycotting the film will have to see it in order to understand endgame
ABSOLUTELY LOVED CAPTAIN MARVEL. I genuinely feel so empowered and celebrated as a woman. . And there was  no  romance  in  the  film
Cant wait to see the movie -Captain Marvel !!
I would like good characters too. Especially female characters that do more than look hot and act as a love interest (black widow, etc.). I guess I still dont understand the assumption that Captain Marvel as Carol Danvers will be a bad character.
Ah, I didnt realize Captain Marvel was made for segregation, thank you @brielarson for the clarification.
I mean fuckin hell if Thor the dark world couldnt kill the mcu then theres no way in hell Captain Marvel could, especially since its much better
I should be getting ready to go to the gym but L7 is performing on the Captain Marvel livestream.
Looking at reviews for Captain Marvel and I think I need to translate my college transcript into the tomato meter, lotta 2.5/4 6/10 being called fresh...
Sad times Mel, do you have plans at midnight on Thursday? I have a spare Captain Marvel midnight screening ticket. X
Captain Marvel na sa Wednesday oy!!
64. captain marvel
2 @AFThunderbirds pilots advised #CaptainMarvel cast & crew on fighter pilot traditions & culture. This flyover is a unique moment to honor the men and women serving in the Armed Forces who are represented in Captain Marvel, said Lt. Col. John Caldwell. 
Well Captain Marvel isn't as popular as any of those other characters but I personally think there are better female superheroes *cough* Kate Bishop Hawkeye *cough*
It looks better than Captain Marvel for sure.
Captain marvel trailer looks good and best thing is theres only 4 more days till it comes out
i was just chilling in the bus, smiling cause I already have my captain marvel tickets and then u had a small crisis when I realized iTS THIS WEEK
"She's really gonna shake things up.". Damn, Carol will. You all better be ready for Captain Marvel in theaters tomorrow. 
Captain Marvel
Ultimate Dilemma: Marvel checks, Captain Marvel's a piece of shit
Captain Marvel comes out this week!!!!!! I cant sleep too excited
the mrc at my university gave away some free tickets to see captain marvel tomorrow night and i got one, im so hype
Tickets for captain marvel copped at new evo #captainmarvel
so the choice is obvious, amrite?. rhodey!. heh. wellllllllll, i rhodey?!. captain marvel 2014 issue 1 pic.twitter.com/924oqiX03E
I actually agree with the meme. If Brie Larson is hateful against "white men", attack Marvel fans, and promote Captain Marvel as a political correctness, social justice, feminist type movie like Ghostbusters 2016 (Fembusters for short), I'll go see Alita: Battle Angel instead.
@ScottBrown8 captain marvel
2 days!!!! 2 fucking days until captain marvel!!!! sksksksksksksk i cant wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
captain marvel?
They have captain marvel shirts at 5 below god bless :)
Rogue, Captain Marvel And Storm (Rogue called me Ms. Carol) pic.twitter.com/MXXptztT4l
Captain Marvel, a character who originated as an Air Force officer, being portrayed as an Air Force officer in her origin movie being glorification of the military and lazy feminism is easily the dumbest thing I've heard in a long ass time.
i have to cancel my captain marvel tickets because of my ear :/
Captain Marvel tomorrow
1st of all, I guess Princess Leia, Ellen Ripley, Hermione Granger, Mulan, Clarice Starling, The Bride, & Katniss don't count as strong female characters. Why is it people think captain marvel is gonna be the first film ever to have a strong female character?
to anyone: do you think captain marvel is the strongest avenger? (the correct answer is yes)
In about a week theyre gonna say Wonder Woman was so brilliant for depicting the amazons as strong, independent women who dont need technology unlike that STUPID Mary Sue Captain Marvel ok whitey mccracker DC isnt gonna hire you 
Ok so what you showed me is that she beleives that her being captain marvel is her form of activism. This does not mean the movie captain marvel is a form of activism or that captain marvel (the movie) is a political statement.
You had to ruin captain marvel with this twit.  What an embarrassment.
Looking at all the conservative pundits talking about Captain Marvel on twitter, if you are still looking to record a @JonahRemnant show to save for later, you need to have round table with your members of the "conservative sci-fi eggheaditry" @JonahNRO @jackbutler4815
ONE WEEK UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL pic.twitter.com/N6IanvIcQe
Wait, we can SHAME journalists for adding "SJW" as a search term? I've probably done that to my own Wordpress articles. If people are going to search for SJW anyway, I'd rather the results show Captain Marvel than Jordan Peterson.
we get captain marvel on march 8th and yoongis birthday is on the 9th . nothing but celebration for my lesbian warriors
Lets see Captain Marvel too.  Gonna be bigly huge double plus good!
good night babes, you are all beautiful and March is here to give us Captain Marvel and Queer Eye so we are in-fucking-vincible.
Captain Marvel this weekend just dont know what day Im going
Racist much Brie Larson. Captain Marvel wouldnt exist if it werent for white people.
White women are really pushing the "straight white men ruin everything" narrative because of the Captain Marvel backlash. Problem is, we see how y'all vote and we see a lot of y'all that don't care when it happens to movies with POC so a lot of the outrage seems disingenuous.
I'll hold off watching a Captain Marvel movie until the one where Rogue sucks out all her powers and leaves her a drooling vegetable... she'll probably have more personality then.
captain marvel is out in less than a week and i have no fucking money  we going  rob the parents
Pretty sure alita was review bombed with good reviews so that the hate group can justify their hate for Captain Marvel
So it's official Captain Marvel sucks. Proves yet again that SJW films don't resonate with audiences. Causes don't sell asses in seats.
The only reason Im going to see captain marvel is to make sure I dont miss anything before endgame.
Are you excited for the other Captain Marvel movie? aka Shazam! Movie. #Shazam #DCComics #CaptainMarvel #ItsComplicated #Deep #Discount#44fa6f432ad9
Ive been having such an emotional week. But I remembered that Captain Marvel is coming out this week, and my mood changed. Work has been tiring and aggravating, at least theres a movie to look forward to. I hope I get tickets
@FFASiteTweets will you upload pictures from Chloe Bennett from the Captain Marvel premiere ?
Captain marvel ! Here we go
Captain Marvel will be a good movie. Marvel doesn't make crap. They are 20 for 20 in making good movies IMO. Even the bottom of the barrel ones like Dark World or the Hulk or Ironman 3 were good. Black Panther, for all it's pre release SJW BS, was a great movie. This will be too.
We are BREATHLESS after the blue carpet #Queensland premiere of #CaptainMarvel at @EventMyerCentre tonight! O.M.G! SO many Easter eggs! Action-packed! Hilarious! Captain Marvel 
The Stan Lee cameo in Captain Marvel is going to make you cry 
Can you, @_likeElvis, and I have a Captain Marvel movie date next week?
IN HONOR OF THE CAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIERE: lets take a moment to remember jeff ward serving looks at the black panther premiere pic.twitter.com/YsaCXW5jQN
who wants to go watch captain marvel with me next week
Gotta remember to get Captain Marvel tickets today
The first time I've gotten through reading a quote like that from a politician and didn't have a cynical thought. That's it. I'm done with comic movies. She's our real life Captain Marvel/Wonder Woman all wrapped into one.
I did see someone today use Catwoman and Elektra as examples of female lead superhero movies and that fans shouldn't be excited for Captain Marvel, in a "you got those two so why would you need any more" kinda way, because that makes any kind of sense.
Want to go with someone to watch Captain Marvel
Got my Captain Marvel ticket!
Captain Marvel isn't popular with our age group,  will still make serious bank. Let's see sha.
i might see captain marvel next week omg
what are the chances of ocean 8 and wonder women earning numbers are fake and they are lying about it to make it look like a big deal than it is? same tactics has been tried for captain marvel but they fail miserably.
Captain Marvel o attendance?. OPSSSSSSSSSSSSS MAY PT PALA
Im gonna be honest Im skeptical about captain marvel in a way
One of Superman's primary weaknesses is dealing with magic. Since the power of Captain Marvel comes from magic, I'll let you take it from there who can be more powerful.
Captain Marvel (2019) pic.twitter.com/9pH29HDxgP
Also, they totally COULD have given the part to a black woman because this woman, Monica Rambeau, went by the name Captain Marvel for some time back when she was in the Avengers. XD pic.twitter.com/oNbyJ4RXDV
Me @ Captain Marvel age pic.twitter.com/0ocFDtSeui
I mean, we'll also do *real work*... but, yeah, basically we'll be talking about Captain Marvel :-)
I reviewed Captain Marvel for @Ign! Apparently a bunch of dudes are pissed about it, which is hilarious!
Captain Marvel makes the political statement that uhhh.... women exist? Yeah no youre right its just a fun movie lol
Not reading any Captain Marvel reviews I love Brie Larson I know the movie gone be dope af
THE CONTRAST IS STARK.  BEGINNING AND END OF THE 8TH PARAGRAPH BROTHER.. "Still, the focus and big selling point here is Captain Marvel herself and Larson's impersonation of her.". "The performance is fine, if not exciting or inspiring."
Yippee-dippy-doo! .  Captain Marvel on 8 March.  IMAX 3D show.  Tickets booked.  SCREAMING INSIDE. #CaptainMarvel #MarvelStudiospic.twitter.com/WOLnxGWIOL
captain marvel is rlly coming out this week omg
Check out Captain Marvel in IMAX starting Thursday, 3/7 and get a free collectible ticket!. 
@brielarson hello i would like to personally inform you that captain marvel is a bad movie, also fury was the only saving grace. P.s. green lantern was a better movie.
YALL IM SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL AT 9
Recognizing those archetypes is what gives comics such power, and Captain Marvel didn't align with humanity's archetypes.
Captain marvel apparently doesnt want our money? 
I think captain marvel wont ruin marvel russo brothers wont let that happen.
Of course I'm not boycotting just Captain Marvel....I am and have been boycotting all of Hollyweird for some time.
That said, I don't think a boycott (no matter how large) is going to stop Marvel from making Captain Marvel a key member of the new Phase.  The film would have to bomb big time for that and it probably won't.  I'm assuming Marvel will still go ahead with their plans.
They just mad bc they cant except the fact the the Marvel cinematic universe is different than the comic one and the mcu is trynna be more progressive but realistically captain marvel has gotten wax by Spider-Man in the comics and is racist against mutants.
The media is really trying to push this.  ///// "Kicks ass" or "disappointing"? Read the mixed Captain Marvel reviews  
Transformers, Pokmon, more Power Rangers, more table top gaming (livestream?), TMNT, Marvel (Captain Marvel, Endgame theories), my dog, even more Power Rangers
Criticism Of Captain Marvel Censored, Use Dissenter To Go Around It  via @YouTube a funny spot on depiction of what is happening with shill media in regards to this propaganda movie I recommend this video
8/ Twitter needs an edit button because that last one should read "She-Ra".... Captain Marvel: Brie Larson came down with a really, really bad case of "open moth, insert foot" when she implied that she was discriminating against white male critics and press for the press tour.
Hello, my twt gonna be alive after i watched captain marvel
. Captain Marvel will beat the ass of all those with toxic masculinity hating on Brie .
so i bought a captain marvel tshirt
WHO HAVE WATCHED CAPTAIN MARVEL I NEED SOMEONE TO TALK TO
Zach Levi is such a standup dude and honestly, all of you being aholes about Captain Marvel should be ashamed. Be better humanity. 
@bookmyshow can you please update when will you start Captain marvel advance bookings ??
I'm still looking forward to Captain Marvel and think you're a great choice for the role.
She said that white men shouldnt give their opinion on something not made for them. Captain Marvel isnt made for them so they wont go see it.
Spoiler Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/cD2UirNeJK
@Target, any chance of getting the Captain Marvel exclusive Funko Pop back in stock? 
Cant wait for Friday got Captain marvel tickets for baby and I
Like the anti-SJWs hating on Captain Marvel is expected, but where did all the love for Alita and using it as comparison come from?
Also the US premiere of Captain Marvel is tonight. @RobertDowneyJr how sway? Are you going to be there?
3 days til captain marvel
Captain Marvel  pic.twitter.com/ZA2mJoOnc8
@brielarson "I don't need a 40 year old white dude to tell me what didn't work for him in a Wrinkle in Time, it wasn't made for him.". That's cool and all, but can you confirm the race, age and sex of who Captain Marvel is made for, please, just so I know if I can see it or not?
Look, if you've been following @kellysue and the #CarolCorps for a while, you know CAPTAIN MARVEL means a lot. It's a righteous, feminist movement built around two amazing women and to see it burst into the mainstream is inspiring. 
Places like Fandango and Showtimes only show Captain Marvel, but the actual websites of the local theaters are showing other movies.
If it is personally important to you that Captain Marvel fails commercially you may want to consider the possibility you're just a shitty unfulfilled human being. No charge for the advice. You're welcome.
Captain Marvel or Foxtrot Six?
Certainly will do. Saw Fighting With My Family, On The Basis Of Sex and Cold Pursuit last week. Have What Men Want tonight, then The Aftermath on Wednesday and Captain Marvel on Friday.
That would be disastrous. They moved date of release to give it no competition and a PR boost. Ant-Man and the Wasp replaced it on calendar. That made $76M with Jarassic World and Incredibles 2 still in play at ~$30M each that weekend. Captain Marvel competition is much weaker.
WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL IN2 DAYS HOLY FK
Will Smith isnt black enough & White males are why Captain Marvel is getting bad reviews .... fuck off... you guys are too woke for reality.
The Stan Lee cameo in Captain Marvel is going to make you cry 
The more I see Brie Larson promote Captain Marvel, she does actually have a personality and facial expressions so Im guessing the mopiness In the trailers is a deliberate acting choice dictated by the story?
do you ever just think about how 10 years from now brie will most likely film her last scenes as captain marvel and shell no longer be in the mcu bc
I gotta admit, good timing. It can be put before captain marvel. 
Unlike many female characters, the women of "Captain Marvel" dont rely on romance and other typical female character arcs. 
Tomorrow's agenda. Goto my 7-4, finish my Devil May Cry V review, swap in my new GPU (FINALLY!), play some games and get ready for Captain Marvel. Hopefully, it all goes in that order XD.
Captain Marvel comes out Friday
A3) Captain Marvel is set in 1995 . #CaptainMarvelOnPaytm. #CaptainMarvel   . #Mumbai. @Marvel_India. @PaytmTickets
MARCH 2019. Captain Marvel (6). Wonder Park (15). Us (20). Dumbo (29) pic.twitter.com/VqGLxvpwX1
Me too but they're the worst types of fans cuz they're always act like they know what makes something good and anything that is different from the norm is sjw feminist propaganda. Captain Marvel looks awesome there's nothing about it that should offend anyone yet here we are.
someone stop me from looking up spoilers for the captain marvel end credit scenes cause people are tempting me
Hot take: if your masculinity cannot handle the existence of Captain Marvel, that is some fragile-ass masculinity and you might want to look at that
I dont think she gets to pick. . Captain Marvel is sexist.
I just think you're setting yourself up to not enjoy a movie that will be good. I hope you do enjoy it and I think you will but Captain marvel is not as popular as Wonder woman and she'll have a totally different movie than Wonder woman did because of the time era.
I cant get excited about Captain Marvel. Her entry into the movie universe seems sloppy and a moneygrab. Like ok folks, DC proved women movies make schmoney, release the girl power film ASAP. pic.twitter.com/QXkm1H1Gu2
Ugma naman diay ang showing sa captain marvel.  see you there
If Captain Marvel is not good, then Marvel is in serious trouble as they are banking on this character leading the next wave of films
Captain marvel is going to be shit. All propaganda
Jum captain marvel
Captain marvel pls
He must be taking a break from complaining about Captain Marvel and still complaining about Ghostbusters.
There was one woman who didnt favorably review #CaptainMarvel, guess which woman didn't make that 'Women Review Captain Marvel' list
You're over simplifying an issue to attempt to prove a point.. Allow me to explain how comics work. . According to Comic Burst, Captain Marvel #1 had about 20 to 23 covers. Now, half were retailer exclusives. Let's set those aside and talk about the incentives.
bought my tickets for captain marvel pic.twitter.com/UdYrnOXX0N
Captain Marvel review: The Marvel formula still works, and soars. Link:  #News #TechNews #Newstech #Newsgame #Computer #Gamepic.twitter.com/3MpoBUckCx
Ive been watching her on various roles, but this, Captain Marvel really suits her the most. The film is funny and colorful, just like the usual Marvel film. But what makes it different is definitely the CGI, it looks better in any way.
Here's a piece I enjoyed writing about why Carol Danvers is important and what Captain Marvel means to me: 
Whats with everyone using Elastica songs for their promotions?? First Captain Marvel used Connection and a clothing brand just used Vaseline. That album came out 24 years ago!!!!! Its 2019!!! Im not mad about it tho.
Captain Marvel din yun
Or. Just don't say dumb shit? I plan to see the REAL Captain Marvel soon 
consider the following: brie larsons captain marvel
no social media muna for 4 days. para iwas spoiler sa captain marvel. shet haha
Captain Marvel was alright. Don't expect too much action.
seeing captain marvel tomorrow
I really want to see it. But so-called fans that are going out of their way to defend Captain Marvel from any criticism is absurd.
Captain marvel might have to check that out
Captain Marvel is front and center of Iron Man and Captain America in Avengers: Endgame promo art  #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/iV1Dg320Uu
My question is how do you know Captain Marvel is a bad movie already before it coming out? What's keeping it from being the next Wonder Woman?
Brie Larson is not playing a whitewashed Monica Rambeau. She's a white actress playing a white character, Carol Danvers. And while Rambeau had the Captain Marvel moniker for a while, she's more commonly known as Spectrum now - and Marvel have plans for her.
Im hearing that this is the most . origin-y story of a movie that swears its not an origin story.  And most of my friends are saying its fun.  "Kicks ass" or "disappointing"? Read the mixed Captain Marvel reviews   @captainmarvel
LOOK, CAPTAIN MARVEL IS A FEMINIST PROGANDA AND HATES ME! WATCH ALITA INSTEAD! THE MAIN ACTOR DIDNT TELL US WHITES TO CELEBRATE DIVERSITY!!!! UMMM HEY GUYS... 
TGIF! Who's got Friday feeling?! You know what time it is... COMPETITION! With release of Marvels Captain Marvel we are giving away a @OriginalFunko Pop! @captainmarvel figure! F+RT @SalveoUK to #WIN!. #CaptainMarvel #Marvel #FreebieFriday #TGIFpic.twitter.com/PjURWM8wEi
GUYS, I JUST WATCHED CAPTAIN MARVEL AND IT'S ALREADY BEEN ALMOST TWO HOURS AND IM STILL DYING OMYGOD
"Rotten Tomatoes and Captain Marvel-Robb's Rant". 
I wanna get advance tickets for Captain Marvel, but I aint trying to go alone either
It will likely be out of theaters on March 7th. Captain Marvel doesn't like competition.
SOLID CAPTAIN MARVEL MUST WATCH!!!
The actress who plays captain marvel gorgeous affff
Review: Captain Marvel gets an average introduction 
Captain Marvel will get Annette Benning her Oscar. #CaptainMarvel
Youre probably gonna say Captain Marvel is the best youve ever seen in your life!
Captain Marvel on Saturday
Anyone going to watch captain marvel this week??
@Shyam24man guess my instincts about Captain Marvel were right , or at least that's what Jeremy Jahns review feels like . 
Captain Marvel Is Spotty, But See It for Brie Larson
these white men need to stop complaining about being left out of captain marvel. you have literally never been left out of anything since the dawn the of the time so literally shut the fuck up. thx
i am seeing captain marvel tomorrow at 9:30 pm
Guys. I think someone unearthed @brielarson s Captain Marvel screen test. 
i have been very Negative lately because i am depressed but would like to mention some things i am happy about/looking forward to: yoga with baby goats, Captain Marvel, Queer Eye season 3, passing off sweatpants in a professional outfit, and eating pasta
3 days until captain marvel!!
Who wants to see Captain Marvel with me Friday???
Well releasing it atleast a week after Captain Marvel releases makes a lot of sense as they can include her in the trailer without spoiling much. I personally think it will arrive in the last week of march.
My absolute favorite take about this was one of the YouTube/Twitter-super-trolls why arent the SJWs clamoring for Captain Marvel saying anything about Alita?!?!?. I just wanted to shout you dont see it BECAUSE THEY ALL BLOCKED YOU.
I'm so hyped for the upcoming Captain Marvel movie.... Oh wait, I meant #Shazam
CAPTAIN MARVEL ONE WEEK pic.twitter.com/rlSiL3fSW8
Captain Marvel, Juice WRLD, Chicago St Patty's, Big Cat bday, my bday, Jordan Peele's "Us," Florida, throw March Madness in there. Hell of a step up from trash ass February.
Y'all captain marvel is a women!!
so captain marvel was really that good huh
Fuck em. Looking forward to seeing Captain Marvel.
Bought my tickets to Captain Marvel opening night!  #CaptainMarvel
More interested in this than Captain Marvel if I'm being honest.
So...I just got back from London where I got to see Captain Marvel.  Anyone want to know what I thought?  Ill say it right now though, Brie Larson is neither the worst or the best thing in it.
I made the mistake of looking at Captain Marvels page on IMDB... thats a lot of 1/10 reviews.... . The movies not even out yet, where are all these user reviews coming from??
Theres a lot girl power bullshit being spewed out by feminists at the moment over this Captain Marvel movie. . Meiji era Japanese women were functionally strong and could easily choke out these cock envious feminazis. pic.twitter.com/ue6PSsrWhQ
I think Marvel is hoping to have the same effect with Captain Mary Sue as they did with Black Panther, i.e. pull in non-MCU fans into the fold. It worked really well with BP, but Im not sure enough girls care about Captain Marvel to really move the needle.
Captain marvel is a dude... male
Not even. The first female marvel character to hold the title, "Captain Marvel" was a black woman called Monica Rambeau. Her mum is in the film maybe she will be as well but not as Cap Marvel.
and if we get Marvel Studios again (as with Black Panther) saying that Captain Marvel's box office success = evidence that they should/will continue with diverse and inclusive storytelling...
women: hey maybe i could review captain marvel. men: incoherent screaming
men are really out there like fuck that bitch captain marvel and brie larson i am going to boycott her sjw bullshit by obsessively watching all of her interviews and her movie just to talk about how terrible and and it is haha LIBTARDS OWNED
Hello @MarvelStudios @captainmarvel @brielarson. @DisneyStudios if your star wants diversity she should refused the role and let you cast Monica the Black Captain marvel from New Orleans.. What's diverse about a blue eyes blonde white woman.
Captain Marvel: Comics History and OriginExplained 
I've got my captain marvel hoodie for that day. Can't wait
my tl is ALL captain marvel content and I love that for me
How many times do you plan on seeing Captain Marvel? pic.twitter.com/vBtuAnU6v4
are you going to watch the new captain marvel movie once it's out
The actress who played Ramona Flowers would have made a much better Captain Marvel
I feel the same way. And Brie Larson is one of my favorite actresses. She REALLY doesn't deserve this uninformed backlash by angry morons who are gonna hate Captain Marvel regardless of how good or bad it is, just because they've already decided to hate it.
Phase 4: Spider Man, Black Panther 2, Black Widow, Dr Strange 2.... I recall Feige talking about Spidey becoming more of a leader, but I dont remember mentions of Captain Marvel emphasis? Their waiting to see how her premier does...bank on it.
Captain Marvel dropped with 88% on Rotten Tomatoes  lets go. #GoesToTheCinema #EagerToWatchIt #CinemaStaffStopMe #OneOfThemUtters #WeDontServeYourKindHere #TheyEscortMeOut #AndKickTheShitOutOfMe #CaptainMarvel
Is it bad Im kinda only excited that Captain Marvel is coming out so that phase 5 can begin and we get the X-Men rebooted and done right?
journalists not understanding that the "wanting to see" ratio isn't a score especially before captain marvel is even out is kind of hilarious
True...do you think people to play this Captain Marvel is the first female super hero garbage like they did for Black Panther
Remember: If you don't go see Captain Marvel this weekend, the terrorists have won.
The Captain Marvel story we all want to see: pic.twitter.com/McdDRlR869
Im old and a male and some think Im white. Does that mean I cant go enjoy a kick ass movie like Captain Marvel? Ive been reading her comics for over 30 years. And Ive been a Star Wars fan a lot longer than a year.
Just bought my Captain Marvel tickets pic.twitter.com/5puecGhdR6
I was thinking more like Battlefield 5 but I get your point. Black power sells for sure, feminism not so much but I guess we'll see how well Captain Marvel does. . By the way, I thought Black Panther was shit.
Storm! He texted me, Read this in my comic CAPTAIN MARVEL comic today with a woman hero called Echo... . My greatest mentor & former boss shared this with me as he have a huge love for comics. . Have anyone seen this? pic.twitter.com/JGTu1aLwt5
I still do not have any takers of the digital code for Captain Marvel One shot: Braver and Mightier?  I'll just put it out there again.  If interested feel free to DM me.
A fact to keep in mind ahead of Captain Marvel being released this week - 52% of Wonder Womans audience consisted of women i.e superhero movies arent just for the boys...
these man tears over @brielarson and Captain Marvel is ridic. women can't speak they mind @ChrisEvans is on here e'ery day speaking truth, showing love for everyone, keeping folks informed about social injustice. don't see no one saying they not seeing A4 #CaptainMarvel
Captain Marvel!!!
I'm pretty much giving y'all until 12:25 Pacific to see Captain marvel. Then spoilers flying.
My Captain Marvel. #CaptainMarvel @KatherynWinnickpic.twitter.com/VzhIVHJ7P8
Im watching Captain Marvel this weekend, idc if I gotta go by myself
holy shit guys. this time next week I will have seen captain marvel. hang on a sec I need to go cry in the bathroom.
Sam Allardyce not allowed into cinema to watch captain marvel by Brie herself
The black female Captain Marvel before the white girl became Captain Marvel
Can they push the elections till next week.... . I want to see Captain Marvel friday night
Captain Marvel crashes into the MCU in one week! Have you got your tickets? Book now:  #CaptainMarvel 
Wait a minute.. if Nick Fury was there in Captain Marvel.. means he was there in Captain America... how is he still alive now? When Peggy is already dead?? Hes older than Captain America????
Captain marvel with her helmet and ponytail from the top
Finally time for the next installment of the MCU WITH Captain Marvel coming out this week.  Cant wait to go and looking forward to it even more, now that my wife, son and I wont have to deal with the pathetic basement dwellers crying over a female superhero.  . #captainmarvel
Im not really hype for Captain Marvel
Gonna see Captain Marvel
Disney really going overboard with the 1990s nostalgia to promote Captain Marvel. pic.twitter.com/0cK5TLKbLj
Captain Marvel: Brie Larson is 'super into' idea of all-female Avengers film, #news #rt , 
Captain Marvel 7:00pm, Thursday evening Archlight Culver City
Just finished watching captain marvel and all I have to say is... wow. This movie is fucking great, carol is so funny and sarcastic and her and fury are such a good duo
Don't watch Captain Marvel then
Captain Marvel has a 9 film deal
Captain Marvel: Carol Danvers fights a Skrull in this new clip 
Man I critique all these movies the same. Wonder Woman was great but this captain Marvel seems to be mid until further notice
captain marvel is coming
The only time captain marvel was interesting was when she was the first black woman to lead the avengers.  The original mar-vel was boring, Carol was only interesting whe rogue stole her powers or she developed a drinking problem.
Captain Marvel tomorrow
Oh god the follow-up about Captain Marvel and little girls pic.twitter.com/ehsk4uUq1a
Why the most insufferable people have to appear every time there is a marvel movie with something that is not a white man? first there were dumb people saying that Wakanda is africa without white mans ruining then now Captain Marvel with muh miso on knees
MY COUSIN AND HER HUSBAND ARE WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL TONIGHT I WANT THEM TO ADOPT ME pic.twitter.com/us9VeEMEzx
Walking to the train from Captain Marvel singing Kree Got Elegance because that was the filmmakers obvious intention.
I* am giving up movies starring dudes for Lent.** . *not catholic. ** translation: will just be at the theater every night watching Captain Marvel
by this time next week i would have seen captain marvel EYE
Facts got to go see Captain Marvel since it ties in with Avengers 4 Im down though just got to find me a date to come with cant be the fifth wheel
This joke tweet has nothing to do with the story telling aspect. This to do with the trolls who were trying to boycott captain marvel for her saying she doesnt want the theatre to be full of white males.
Premiere da Captain Marvel. Niceee
Oh my god, your grammar is hurting my brain.. How can you possibly decide if Captain Marvel is stereotypical before you've even seen it? How can you criticize a story you haven't sat through yet?
CAPTAIN MARVEL IS  9/10
captain marvel needs to marketing for this is the summer of marvel also yee black panther had so much marketing
As we start #CaptainMarvelWeek and countdown to opening night I will regularly tweet out how bad ass Captain Marvel is and how much she will add to the Marvel Cinematic Universe just to piss off the misogynist asshole comic bois  #CaptainMarvel
Bunch of 4Chan losers.. Captain Marvel's gonna kick ass. 
Brie Larsen thinks Captain Marvel was an amazing and beloved character! It's not like her comics sold like shit! x'D
Scott killed Superman, Captain America and Katara, and dated Captain Marvel. Scott is some kinda good or something
The Snyder Cut Of Justice League is more likely then alternate cut of Endgame with less Captain Marvel.
Of course I don't think they'll only play Captain Marvel till the 14th that's retarded
Solid Captain Marvel
Captain Marvel is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Most of these versions exist in Marvel's main shared universe. Characters:Mar-Vell;Monica Rambeau;Genis-Vell;Phyla-Vell; Khn'nr; Noh-Varr; Carol Danvers
Wrong. The majority of movies are not important movies to watch. No movie will change your life. You watch a movie for 2 hours and move on with your life. It's that simple. Captain Marvel isn't a popular comic book character.
Snowflakes are scared of Captain Marvel...replace all this with Doctor Who and it's the same situation ! 
Confirmed: Captain Marvel will have two post-credits scenes 
You can't be the real Captain Marvel if you're not even called Captain Marvel any more
Captain Marvel as a woman isnt going far enough. Im not going to rest until every superhero is nonbinary.
@Nerdrotics @Midnights_Edge @GeeksGamersCom You can only reserve tickets for Captain Marvel (nothing else) on March 8-13 via Fandango, AMC Theaters, Cinemark right now. It is the only choice using Fandango or the actual sites. Rather odd...
Captain Marvel Us and Dumbo 
Congrats! Which movie is it? Captain Marvel?
my baby bought me the captain marvel build a bear to say that i love and adore her.................... pic.twitter.com/48UWl9nA74
Since there's some activity on this tweet, I might as well plug my Patreon, where my CAPTAIN MARVEL review is now available to $10 patrons:. 
Sexist Guys refuse to see Captain Marvel but newsflash buddies, shes the ONLY hope to save the Avengers.. #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/2QtNYzA1mV
yesss, it's March, officially the month of Captain Marvel . Preparing myself to feel a lot of emotions, ngl. pic.twitter.com/jz1PZ2FTQG
17. Avengers : Infinity War .      Captain marvel
i mean they can take all of my money i love captain marvel
Release the Captain Marvel reviews... *heads for cover*
i love you so much dont worry ab captain marvel week your health is more important than anything take your time and feel better im always here :,/
i said that captain marvel cured my depression and then got home from the movie and felt so incredibly depressed and suicidal and now im awake at 4:48am and i feel SO SICK from the movie popcorn i
i'm so excited to see captain marvel a day before it comes out! thank you @MarvelStudios for being the best. #CaptainMarvel 
Great review Grace. The trailers haven't sold it very well but I'll give it a go. . I do have one question;. Do they explain why Fury wouldn't have paged Captain Marvel during the events of the first Avengers film? I'd think preventing an alien invasion would be right up her alley.
Literally less than 5 days until Captain Marvel and I am more than ready for it omggg
seeing captain marvel in 21 hours pic.twitter.com/EPO6nIuCth
Captain Marvel 11/10
I hope in the MCU they touch on Carol Danver's relationship with Rhodey,it was so sweet to see these two pilots hit it off and the tragedy of his death during Civil War 2. Maybe in the Captain Marvel Sequel that takes place in modern day? Post Endgame?
If Brie Larson is so about this equality nonsense why didnt she bring up the fact that Captain Marvel was originally African American? Monica Rambeau was the first Captain Marvel so maybe she should have given up her seat? You know for equality.  lol
Just be careful captain marvel hates men. All white males dont make reviews
Happy New Comic Book Day!. Who's going to watch Captain Marvel this week?. #CollectorsParadise #CaptainMarvel #NCBD #NewComicBookDay #Marvel pic.twitter.com/Tqp02UkpXj
CAPTAIN MARVEL IN THREE DAYS WKWKDJDJDK
Super excited for Captain Marvel tomorrow. 8 months since a Marvel film has killed me!
It's because of the massive release, everyone expects Captain Marvel to be huge so they're preparing in case they need more showtimes. It usually is based on presales.
At least I now understand why someone is tweeting about Man of Steel while reviewing Captain Marvel.
Comic store customer: I just can't get excited about Captain Marvel. Nothing against Marvel or Brie Larson, but it doesn't look like the comics. . Looks at @cklewis88 , looks at me. . Me in my Captain Marvel shirt. . Excuse you.
gleda Captain Marvel
Apparently man babies are saying theyre going to watch Alita instead of Captain Marvel, ok but China helped you guys get a sequel since it made way more money there then here. So spend less time crying like a bitch and more time sending China a fruit basket and a bottle of wine
Holy shit! The top-critics say Captain Marvel SUCKS at just over 50%! Only 5 of 9 marked it fresh! Of the NON-top critics (obviously in Disney's pocket), 57 of 59 marked it fresh. This is looking bad! 
For a second I thought "I hit him so hard, he'll be concussed!" My knee hurt. It wasn't just a rude bump, it was a HARD KNOCK. Turns out I knocked his seat-back. He didn't even react.. It took me 10 minutes to come down from "I kneed a stranger in the head at Captain Marvel!" 2/2
Captain Marvel!!!!! 
I bet Captain Marvel is going to be better than Alita.  The CGI may look trash like 95% of other Marvel movies, but at least it may have a better story and characters overall.
Haven't even looked them up and I'm already sick of the Captain Marvel reviews discussion.
My dad thinks you can just pull up captain marvel on the firestick even though its not out yet, then he says use a torrent. Fucking idiot stay in your lane
no one wanted the ghost buster remake or the new star wars movies but you right with the wonder wome and captain marvel part 
Captain Marvel's Brie Larsen will star in and produce a live-action CIA drama series for Apple.  
Captain Marvel,dumbo and us
It's very rare that I go see a movie on opening night or weekend. I won't for Captain Marvel, but when End Game comes out? pic.twitter.com/xXhlhv6dij
Can you do this @paopao619? Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car  
the new captain marvel commercial is devasting because it is also a reminder the the OG three are going be dead soon
Was watching a show on #YouTube yesterday and the host was saying that #Marvel 's Captain Marvel might not do so well at the box office due to Brie Larson's disparaging remarks about men.  This should be interesting. #MCU
captain marvel, five feet apart, dumbo !! 
Captain Marvel filmed in part at Edwards Air Force Base - Video  #Bakersfield 
Love is captain marvel and fuck is Wonder Woman @Marvel riddle me that. 
Imma make a Captain marvels army gc anyone wanna join?. -mbf . - like carol Danvers duh. - be nice
Will I ever get over the fucking perfection that the film Captain Marvel is ? I THINK NOT
marvel funkos are at 436 with the last edition of captain marvel FYE and that means ATLEAST 13 ENDGAME FUNKOS 
This Saturday at Four Horsemen Comics and Gaming Clarksburg we are doing some Marvel-ous stuff! I will be demonstrating a few  games to prepare for the release of Captain Marvel as well as the talented... 
She called herself Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/TlatWwp2y3
guys theres a captain marvel filter on snapchat omg
appreciation tweet for the captain marvel women pic.twitter.com/CbED40faup
captain marvel date please hehe
"tHeY g0t oNe" even in the made-up universe where your straw-man arguments exist, they still fail. You can't even lie to yourself. . Besides, these movies are much better anyway. Much more likeable (and far more pretty) protags than cApTaIn mArVeL pic.twitter.com/wiNaYolFAm
Her Universe Captain Marvel jacket pic.twitter.com/pr54h2sGqh
Don't give me the "captain marvel has to be in the Air Force because that's her origin story" excuse. They've messed with the origins of all the MCU characters.
captain marvel terrible
The last got season was 2017, so it's actually 2 years, and marvel captain marvel and other movies to keep people interested. That being said the suspense of the last avengers movie is still huge, so...
What men want. Or you can go see the green book, captain marvel, or madeas family funeral
captain marvel screams women empowerment all the way when i got out of the theatre i felt like i could end hunger, attain world peace, and go to the bathroom at 3am without fear
CAPTAIN MARVEL will open this week at the HP3. For a complete list of show times, please see our website: 
Look sorry captain marvel will not be as good as infinity war kiddos
Norman Osborn. As of Captain Marvel the Skrulls are gearing up for center stage already. Perfect time to introduce Norman and Spideys rogues gallery.. Could establish a basis for a potential Dark Avengers film in some years.  #MCU
Looks like Im seeing Captain Marvel by myself.
D-2 till Captain Marvel
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Ming-Na Wen and Jeff Ward at the Captain Marvel Premiere 
We're LIVE! I'm looking up more nearbyish theatres!. Graded Point LIVE: Disney Fudging The Numbers! Captain Marvel THE ONLY s...  via @YouTube
LADIES IT IS CAPTAIN MARVEL MONTH YALL READY
Captain Marvel projections?. Oh, you meant the Neverland Ranch.. My bad! 
Captain Marvel Crash Course: 12 Things You Need To Know Before Watching For many fans, its just one more movie until Avengers: Endgame. But for many others, Captain Marvel is the movie theyve been waiting for since Marvel dropped their Phase 3 slate wa... 
IT'S STILL MY BIRTHDAY IN THE US OH MY GOD BEST 20TH BDAY PRESENT EVER FORGET SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL
this week is already shaping up to be a rough one but at least I get to see captain marvel at the end of it
cant wait to watch captain marvel this thursday!
Oh look! Someone's pushing a Jeep that's been left in neutral on dry pavement; how MAREVELous... Unless you're a Canadian and you do this in snow each winter...  Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car by @latimesent
Marvel was slow to let a woman be the star. Can "Captain Marvel" make up for lost time? 
Captain marvel!!!!
im seeing captain marvel on friday it doesnt feel real
For those who are ready for the movie (or just now learning)of Captain Marvel, here are some classics from her predecessor. Claim if interested. #CaptainMarvel #MarvelComicspic.twitter.com/nFbJsD6MFA
I JUST SAW CAPTAIN MARVEL AND I HAVE NO WORDS, IT'S EPIC.
Review: Captain Marvel is the hero we deserve, in a movie weve seen before 
Idk why people get mad about captain marvel or Wonder Woman when theyre just the same super heroes with boobs?
Its a shame Captain Marvel isnt set in 1998 because Intergalactic would have made for a great musical cue
Cant believe Captain Marvel comes out this week AND I get to see State Champs again, I am LIVING
Good morning cineplex cant wait to see captain marvel this Thursday
I really regret not buying that captain marvel mini backpack last year at a con I went to  theyre probably gonna be overpriced now that the movie is coming out
Captain Marvel is a no for me now
It seems like critics are more afraid than usual to criticize Captain Marvel. Almost all the reviews Ive read seemed on the verge of saying its not a good film, but some unknown pressure got them to recommend it. Hmmmmmm....
A new Movie theater Downtown.  Maybe I can sneak away to see Captain Marvel inbetween the 5 and the 10 PM news casts!?! pic.twitter.com/KbsFdSeD1V
I just learned that Captain Marvel has a cat!  Why doesn't the cat have a superhero outfit? Oh, right.  Cat form is already a superhero suit.
@TRHunterPlayz Ramona Aisling Quinn and Tylynka Ariadessa Coronas, General of the Mau legion as well as an example of the pendant given to them by Captain Marvel.. pic.twitter.com/HbYzNCQPmR
The fake female empowerment shit to promote captain marvel and paying dust to Black widow your first female avenger  good job @MarvelStudios @Kevfeige @Kevfeige @MarkRuffalo. #BlackWidow
Captain Marvel makes me wanna fall asleep during the commercial
I have exams that wont end till March 22, but that cant stop me from seeing Captain Marvel on Friday. Also, to avoid spoilers, my advice is: Avoid social media and YouTube comment sections. That way you will be safe from spoilers.
Outfit of the Day: Captain Marvel LeatherJacket 
Well all Im saying is to be patient. Its not reasonable to think Disney bought out every notable theater and demand them to only play Captain Marvel. Thats something that is just not going to happen.
CAPTAIN MARVEL this Friday
finally got captain marvel tickets im so excited !!
Will one hundred percent be seeing Captain Marvel this weekend on the back of this legendary sponsored content. 
just watched captain marvel today & I cant wait for the Avengers: Endgame!!!!!!!!!! WAAAHHHHHH
Watched Captain Marvel last night and all I can say is sulit ung pagpupuyat ko. Hahahaha!
i had no idea Gemma Chan was in captain marvel now i am unspeakably happy
Got my Captain Marvel ticket . I hope its good because I only know so much about her backstory.
Which website is going to call Captain Marvel the Black Panther for white women first??
someone PLS see captain marvel with me
I feel strange. I wanna see Battle Angel Alita more than Captain Marvel.
Captain Marvel tix secured. I'm NEVER this late but I still got fire seats dummy
Hoooo, Disneys trying to pad Captain Marvel sales now?  A legitimately good breakdown of the fracas so far.  
Depending on the other choices available when Captain Marvel is released, the movie may get a good chunk at the box office due to 1) kiddos wanting to see it 2) parents needing a babysitter, um movie for kids 2) general interest from those who aren't in the know.
i already bought a captain marvel ticket for thursday and i made a reservation for tuesday and that ones in mx4d thats gonna be so exciting
I said Literally but idk about Captain Marvel yet.
#IaMaSinnerStriving2beHoly. #EnjoyingMyRDs. #TYLofKings. JUST SHARING:. "Your life BEGIN the day it NEARLY ended.". -From the movie, 'Captain Marvel (2019)' pic.twitter.com/tGmMPFXf1i
I read that Captain Marvel is supposed to be the most "powerful"/kickass superhero in the Marvel universe? Is that true?  Casual fans won't get that from the new film, just based on the movies you would think Thor & Hulk are.
Still Captain Marvel.
someone watch captain marvel with me
I saw the video where they took her to the event and made her a VIP ajd worked with a prosthetic company to give her arms and to make more affordable arms for all. It worked my heart and shows you how captain marvel is and mainly the actress
calling everyone who gives captain marvel a negative review sexist pic.twitter.com/iDh5DTL0h2
I did say implicit argument. It's hard to take you at your word when there are dudes saying the exact same things as you about all these other female-led movies giving Captain Marvel low ratings before it's released and before they've seen it.
I also got to take a pic with Carol cisplayer!!!!!  (And I went in my Captain Marvel shirt of course) pic.twitter.com/px0ts7HVGH
Us dudes literally have double digits of marvel movies headlined by a white dude named Chris. We're fine. The pissbabies that whine about captain marvel are all skrull bootlickers.
Thank u for making Captain Marvel cool and this is my second favorite superhero after Iron Man. Question is What difference u think that Captain America and Marvel have because both got powers from super soldier chemical kinda thing? And what is ur favorite scene?
'Captain Marvel' works best when Larsons kabillion-watt grin is allowed to explode off the screen. As the recent Superman movies never bothered to tell us, being a demigod is pretty fun." 
Will tie up with Avengers End Game. I myself was hyped but then the first trailer dropped and it was underwhelming. So my as everyone else's hype got low. I tried to stay away from the topic of discussion about Captain Marvel which focuses on politics.
wish i wasnt literally laying in bed crying over captain marvel and how ever since i was little i wanted to be a superhero after seeing marvel movies but there was never a true female superhero for me to look up to and now im 17 and maybe too old for one but i have one now
I'm entered in this Captain Marvel Premium Format Figure #SideshowGiveaway, are you?
The 1st Captain Marvel is Monica Rambaeu. The 1st Female Captain Marvel and the 1st African American to lead the Avengers. Why isn't this getting press attention? #WhiteWashed #MonicaRambeau
Captain Marvel and Us pic.twitter.com/UP4PjW1fQB
1) The point is, the claim is false. She didn't make the comment about Captain Marvel. 2) It WAS a film made from a black perspective
Ah but the whole point of Iron Man is that his ego is bad and he needs to learn humility. The EGO of Tony is the learning lesson. In Captain Marvel, her ego is seen as an ok, normal thing. It is very different
Tomorrow I'll be flying to London and watch Captain Marvel and eat Korean BBQ and play D&D with my besties AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!
Looks like you snowflakes are just gonna a have to sit out the rest of the MCU, because Brie and Captain Marvel are here to stay in a big way. Your shitty clickbait is never, ever going to stop that.
Girl power! Fandango says Captain Marvel is its biggest advance ticket seller since Avengers: Infinity War 
The new weekly box office poll is an opening weekend poll for Captain Marvel and can be found at:  #CaptainMarvel #BoxOffice
When I was teenager, my favorite superhero is Captain Marvel. There is a game called MAA on facebook (already get shutdown. f_u disney). and when I have enough gold, I bought her. bcs shes too sexy, i bought another costume xD and she look so good btw pic.twitter.com/ViFFieRSk5
Invitenme a ver captain marvel:(((
I don't follow many cishet WM as self-care & I actively avoid cishet WM comic nerds as praxis, so can someone explain why they're mad about Captain Marvel b/c I am confusion.
Okay but whos down to watch Captain Marvel ... only real ones tho pic.twitter.com/6ZkEjlzCqL
So seems like early reviews of Captain Marvel puts it about the 3/5 / B- to B+ category
Please go watch Captain Marvel - you won't regret it!!! #CaptainMarvel
@ShazamMovie will you always be Captain Marvel and where is the wisdom of Solomon? #Shazam
I don't know how to argue with the sexist assholes throwing shit at Captain Marvel because they will just make up excuses to themselves 
So I know people are whining about the looks-totally-innocuous-whatever Captain Marvel, but have you guys seen the dog picnic excuse for a movie that Hellboy is shaping up to be? . In case the journos haven't beat it into your heads by now: 's . . L  ?
if you spoil captain marvel youre dead to me
fuck. yes. not ONLY am i seeing captain marvel. but im gonna get some boppy ass music
Excited for captain marvel honestly
who tryna go see captain marvel when it comes out ?
>the old 70s Shazam show is going on the DC Universe app. >all the people who think marvel stole the name Captain marvel from him recently are learning he was called that some 40 years ago, and long before that
Captain marvel todayyy
there was this couple and his girlfriend was loud af like "apa ni captain marvel dengan captain america?" akhsjahssjsj ND THE MOMENT THE EPILOGUE ENDED SHE WENT "TAK FAHAM LA" AND EVERYONE GAVE HER A GLARE HAHAHAHA orang sebelah aku dah pissed off "apa benda tak faham dia ni"
Ans) . A. Gamora (Where is Gamora..who is Gamora..Y is Gamora) . B. Scarlet Witch (Wt is your vision..To get Vision?). C. Carol danvers (Captain Marvel). (Nobel warrior heroes). D. Natasha Romanoff (Hulk will be back). #CinepolisIndia #Contest #MarvelSuperWomen #CaptainMarvel
Captain marvel is equal to all these white ladies calling the police on people for doing ordinary things  my boy just said
im gonna watch captain marvel with my friend on friday!!!
36 hours away now! I read spoilers for other marvel movies, but this going to be a complete surprise.  Comic book geek all my my life, checked out @kellysue's Captain Marvel circa 2013 and it changed my view or HERoes. Tomorrow, you're gonna see a grown man cry during a movie.
captain marvel in 2 days and all iwanna see is goose the cat
i can't wait for captain marvel i got goosebumps
BOOKED MY CAPTAIN MARVEL TICKET FOR WED
EIGHT DAYS TIL I SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL
Ugma na Captain Marvel :3
Captain Marvel drops this week
Captain Marvel is coming out the day I leave for vacation and I hope my family knows that we will be spending at least one evening in Florida seeing that daMN MOVIE
How Captain Marvel gets her powers...can I say? No one from Marvel is here?! Okay, great!. Q U E E N . 
@TheQuartering Early reviews of Captain Marvel are not looking good...
Damn why the hate for Captain Marvel?
my mom and i were trying to one-up each other with our captain marvel plans (were seeing it at the same time but at different theatres) and she won with "at least i have a date!" (my dad) and i sunk into the ground :(
Just saw Captain marvel and OMG YOU GONNA LOVE IT !!!!!
In the theater for Captain Marvel.. So excited! I'm ready to root for Carol Danvers. . Don't let me down Marvel!
This hero is anything but ordinary. Captain Marvel hits theaters this Friday! Purchase advanced tickets here:  #captainmarvel #gtcmoviespic.twitter.com/2kxXU4e1PY
&#39;     &#39; - Captain Marvel Press Meet | Samantha | Tamannaah | Kajal Like Us @ fb:  
Man fuck captain marvel yall see this GoT trailer though?!
I wonder if Captain Marvel will be the first Marvel movie where fight scenes arent just fist throwing ballets.
captain marvel anyonee?!
So Captain Marvel this week ??
Pinar Toprak (Captain Marvels composer ) pic.twitter.com/zzbkNLiexG
Yo, I need someone to go see Captain Marvel with sometime this weekend
pls hi my "ieed to see captain marvel " fund if yall feeling like giving sum of yall voinscoins 
I'm not sure that it won't. . I'm an outlier and spend a lot of my time picking stuff apart. (Also, this was evident at the end of IW with the Captain Marvel signal *plus* the nature of franchise).
Bruh captain marvel is the only movie showing the 8th, 9th, and 10th.
i think it's a mix with captain marvel and captain america
ok i actually cant watch captain marvel until next week so please keep it down with spoilers skskskskk
Nope. Im happy to dismiss bullshit. You dont get to attack feminism by claiming to be a victim and then act insulted when called out for it. . Captain Marvel celebrates women. You can pretend that is an assault on men all you wish, but its still bullshit.
I'll say this though: It's Monday.  AMC never has their show schedule for the upcoming weekend available this early.  Captain Marvel is a big movie so it's unsurprising that tickets for some of its showings are already available.
I JUST BOUGHT MY CAPTAIN MARVEL TICKETS FOR TOMORROWWW pic.twitter.com/MUntJ4dXon
Acads or Captain Marvel on Wednesday? hmmmmmmmm
oh btw the captain marvel spoilers from reddit that was going around a few weeks ago is 100% FAKE. not a single one of the things it said were true. the trailers fooled us cause the movie is a lot of fun!
Dark Phoenix is trash and Captain marvel just doesnt look interesting, Ill give you that. But, that trailer of Hellboy? A big ass nope. I feel like theyre making fun of the character. Even the Shazam movie.
Was looking at plane tickets for different future trips with my girlfriend. The result: Youtube is now bombarding me with Chinese language trailers for Captain Marvel and ads in Arabic.
You know the original captain marvel was a toxic male right? You can have your crap movie all to yourself.
Captain Marvel x korean bbq plz
I am so excited for captain marvel
Michael Cole doing a bad read for Captain Marvel promo on Raw. What a time to be alive!
This is a slow time of year for movies (Captain Marvel this weekend notwithstanding), and if you are someone who enjoys thrillers, Greta is worth your time. See it, listen and let us know what you thought!
So have you seen this film? Because as of 1982 it is cannon that Captain Marvel is female. Aside from that I'm at a loss here
I like the scene where black panther shows up and says Captain Marvel, we must end the white male race. Will you help me? And Captain Marvel says only if we spare the gay, bi, and trans ones.
|| ill watch Captain Marvel tomorrow, a date maybe?
March 6 Captain Marvel huhu naa pay research paper :(((
The last jedi wasn't a good film imo, but I'm excited for Captain Marvel.
Got my hands on the brand new Marvel Legends Captain Marvel In her Binary Form which is going to be a Walmart Exclusive! My FULL review is on YouTube right now!!  #marvellegends 
Aliya was sooo good cant wait for Captain Marvel!!!
I know all of this. Still doesnt change that the Avengers initiative didnt happen until after Captain Marvel. Avengers is not just an individual like Cap or Thor, its all of them together.
Do I see Captain Marvel Friday after work, when I'll have just clocked out from a clopen, or wait until Saturday after work, when I work a short shift.
Me reading the mixed captain Marvel reviews: pic.twitter.com/dI0nMwsx5v
@doomcock Just wanna tell ya, someone from Estonia (WHA) just copyright claimed a LIVE STREAM of Midnights Edge who tried to do a non-spoiler review of Captain Marvel. Get angry!
White men in Hollywood will be the main group profiting from Captain Marvel so you going to the movie solely to make a point is retarded. Those fancy suit investors prolly beat their wives too. You fell for their agenda. Big L.
Just saw the reviews that Captain Marvel has a big fight set to No Doubts Just a Girl. What, was Meredith Brooks Bitch not available to license? #HigherFurtherFaster #quittryingtomakeCaptainMarvelhappen #FandomMenace @MarvelStudios
Rey is a shit written character and so is the mcu version of Captain Marvel. That being said as a female I like Sarah Connor because she was written to act like a human. I like Ripley as well so what is the response to "Femalecrybabies"?
Captain Marvel, 11/10 . Amazing ang after credit scene
captain marvel this weekend
Another March excitement!!! Captain Marvel, have you bought your ticket?  feeling excited at Lebuhraya Damansara Puchong(LDP) 
Yeah I'm probably gonna pass on Captain Marvel. It doesn't really look interesting beyond how they explain why she is going to be in the next movie. I was kinda interested but the trailer didn't interest me, and some of the things I've heard have made me eh towards it.
So captain marvel comes out this week, who Going to see it with me?
Captain Marvel needs you 
Captain Marvel
Early unbiased reviews of Captain Marvel started coming in and it's not good. Captain Marvel is unrelatable due to her lack of humanity, structure of the film is lacking, it doesn't have a strong identity. A phase 1 movie in a phase 3 era. Ouch.
Too late to cast Charlize Theron as Captain Marvel, @Marvel?
In 3 more days, everything begins with her. MARVEL STUDIOS CAPTAIN MARVEL opens in IMAX theatres this Thursday and special sneaks on Wednesday. Secure your tickets now and see up to 26% more picture!. Book now: 
It's stupid in the sense that they are trying way too hard to make Captain Marvel more relevant than she's ever been.
saw a captain marvel ad on tv like thats my BABY!
This was on a post about a Stan Lee tribute for captain marvel... Im so done lmao pic.twitter.com/hPfvROLykm
I was supposed to watch Captain Marvel today but Im kinda broke...
Can someone explain why people want to boycott captain marvel
She could have just strike when their enemies where at their strongest. To make more of an impact. . Yeah...whatever helps her sleep.. //Imma think of a Rey/Carol plot rn. I am not even sorry for it. But it will need to wait after Captain Marvel
I dont know why yall keep tweeting about the Captain Marvel reviews as if yall arent still going to see it anyway.... pic.twitter.com/W0iCilNTuW
CAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIER SHOW TONIGHT LEGGO #CaptainMarvel
Honestly instead of trapping the Chapo guys at CPAC I'd rather force them to listen to female and nb film critics discuss Captain Marvel
I've seen so many people complain about people complaining about Captain Marvel, but I haven't seen anyone actually complain about Captain Marvel (that's a mouth full). So what am I supposed to believe? Should I believe what some stranger says on the internet as truth?
Captain Marvel !!!!
YOU DONT UNDERSTAND YOU reALLY DONT CAPTAIN MARVEL IS SO POWERFUL
Of course Captain Marvels ok but nothing crazy its a fucking MCU movie pic.twitter.com/qJH89JWYyv
Agreed. Going from Ms Marvel to Captain Marvel, something got lost.
2 DAYS UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL
Look for a commentary of the immortal classic STARCRASH tomorrow and a review episode for Captain Marvel coming later in the month! pic.twitter.com/fI1Pcvuiiz
how did some of yall see captain marvel already i thought friday was the premiere hajajjxkc
Our guest for tonight's podcast is @BoomFantasyArts to promote the opening of Captain Marvel at the Alamo Drafthouse Park North. He painted this amazing piece and will be selling awesome 
BOX OFFICE PREDICTIONS . Captain Marvel - . 90m-110m Opening Weekend 240m-270m Domestic Total. Ep9 -. 170m-180m Opening Weekend. 460m-480m Domestic Total
Cheers - I saw the pager transmission but didn't realise it was Captain Marvel's logo (not a Marvel aficionado). There hadn't been any mention of her in the previous films, despite her existence since the 1990s. I'm guessing the new film will explain her apparent anonymity.
Halsey  when she commented about captain marvel movie pic.twitter.com/Lafrvxxft1
I keep forgetting Im seeing Captain Marvel tonight and Im like What am I going to do when I get home from work tonigh...OOH! pic.twitter.com/7SStqyTUeZ
I just can't with these photos from the Captain Marvel fan pit an the premiere.. And I sure as hell don't mean this is a good way.
anyone wanna go w me to see captain marvel? i got an extra ticket.
FOX NEWS: Marvel stars mourn Luke Perry at Captain Marvel world premiere: Everything happened so fast  March 06, 2019 at 06:42PM
Despite my retweets, I honestly dont really care to much about Captain Marvel, Ill probably talk about the movie a bit more on my private account but on my main, I just dont wanna hear about the movie anymore
Hey @wix your Captain Marvel ad that runs on Hulu ends with the tagline "nobody does it better" - you should know that same tagline is used by the Naughty America porn studio. Your marketing team either has zero young males or is entirely young males with a great sense of humor.
Cant wait for Captain Marvel this weekend!
I get it I know almost nothing about captain marvel so it's just another marvel movie to me no strong opinion one way or the other I just dont get dividing movies up by race or gender that shit is just stupid.
Gonna wait and hear how people like Captain Marvel then make my decision. But Endgame is my top priority. And they made 2 versions of Endgame, one with more Cap Marvel and one with less, so we'll see if it even matters.
a CAPTAIN MARVEL break for all of diz eztrezpul things plzZz
I've been a marvel reader for 20 years.  Carol Danver (Captain Marvel) is one of my top 3 characters.  She's beauty and strength rolled into one.  Brie is a perfect choice.  Can't wait!
Trying to get excited for Captain Marvel. Brie Larson has made that incredibly difficult. Wish actors and actresses would just shut up and act.. 
Sigh 5 is quite poor...I'm also not certain I'm seeing Captain Marvel on Friday..I'm just not getting the vibe
Is captain marvel supposed to be speaking like a valley girl cause that makes her less serious for me
@BnazF @MaryneeLahaye I need both of you to see Captain Marvel and create AUs of Carol & Marie raising a daughter cause the movie came so close and yet so far
Im chiming in to declare that I will not be seeing Captain Marvel.. Ignore that I only went to see two movies in the last 16 years and havent been to a theater in 3 years. Pretend my statement means something.
Captain Marvel...promo flyover... Air national guard
Y'know. I've never seen Captain Marvel and Brittany Spears in the same room at the same time! I think you're onto something.
The @AFThunderbirds just touched down at @VanNuysAirport where they'll turn the jets and get ready for this afternoon's Captain Marvel premiere flyover! pic.twitter.com/pLXOAYRWX4
Right fuck all the moany boymen that are getting their knickers in a twist about Captain Marvel, I never go to the cinema by myself but Im fucking going to for Captain Marvel on opening day  pic.twitter.com/lm0ENF4dZ8
Joining me at present is my treasured friend, and fellow Avenging compatriot: Ms. Carol "Captain Marvel" Danvers. Carol, you are the centerpiece of what many say is the most anticipated cinematic display of the season. Good day! pic.twitter.com/G08hwEtbRb
bless u also can we get captain marvel tattoos together
brie larson and samuel l jackson doing the press circuit for captain marvel is SO good
So @jadelens and I decided to skip down to @metrotown to show our support for the upcoming Captain Marvel movie... went to Stanley Video (a nice 90s homage to Blockbuster... also... Stanley Video... get it? Stan Lee Video? ). .. It was fun! They h 
This Alita battle angel Vs captain marvel thing is annoying me.
Captain Marvel was the last film Stan Lee(93) appeared in & produced. Stan was a gentle soul that created most of the Marvel characters, a fine white man & sorry he is gone & can never be replaced! Agreed no anti-white hate or any hate should be allowed! pic.twitter.com/WtYE7E8YOb
When they say ,. Captain Marvel that implies a man .. Just sayin
Monica was Captain Marvel in 2 decades it was her name for 13 years it was took by Genis Vell in 95 she changed it Photon in 96 and he stole that name too 9 years later
Captain Marvel is the worst character in the MCU imo
wtf? Captain Marvel already at pre-order?. I ain't paying one shekel for this.  pic.twitter.com/6MJjFtGIb6
Captain Marvel is great I just dislike Brie
imagine having a whole account dedicating to hatin or boycott captain marvel like yall so pathetic i cant relate with yall fragile ass pic.twitter.com/Jnu56XmFvy
"Omg captain marvel's gonna be so bad lol we're really making a difference" - yep, you're selling their movie for them and they were counting on you doing that for their advertising campaign. Jon M here gets it. He's in it to win it. Are you? 
Mantap captain marvel
Psyched that Captain Marvel is almost here? Check out my video for some Avengers: Endgame theories to get pumped up!  #CaptainMarvelPremiere #avengers #mcu #avengersendgame
I just checked....and theyre only showing captain marvel and the tyler perry movie...wtf
Captain Marvel was entertaining but Showgirls it was not!
Other than the Captain Marvel Hostess ad, I dont know if I have ever read a story featuring Nitro. Thanks to the ad, Ive been fascinated by the idea of Nitro.
GUESS WHO JUST BOUGHT CAPTAIN MARVEL TICKETS  pic.twitter.com/GQhnqutC78
I found out captain marvel premieres the same day for me too yAY 
captain marvel either gonna be top4 mcu movie or major mid
Captain Marvel. Characters: 7/10. A true test of world building is having a compelling supporting cast, and this one made up for the scmeh heroine. Story: 7/10. Not as predictable as typical Marvel fare, with a neat 2nd act twist. Action: 4/10. Too many cuts and heavy reliance on CGI
This definitely won't happen, but WHAT IF Captain Marvels disappearance until Endgame is a result of her going into the Negative Zone...
I dont understand all the captain marvel outrage tbh, like I get them marketing it as some feminist victory as if no other movie has a strong female lead is weird. But its not like its actually hurting anyone?
CAPTAIN MARVEL
|| i was watching captain marvel interviews and ,,, jude law talking about filming fantastic beasts 3 aaaah >>>>>>>
Still have to see Ant-Man and the Wasp. Only MCU movie Ive missed in theaters. . Just didnt feel like going. . But not missing Captain Marvel.
Now working on Captain Marvel, Thor and Hulk VS Thanos! Coming soon on @spectrum_cinemas YT Channel. #Endgame #Avengerspic.twitter.com/tFosnAqbrH
Avengers Ann. #10 back when Captain Marvel was Ms. Marvel.
I agree. People who hate white men should not be allowed to watch Captain Marvel.
This is one billion percent how they decided to make captain marvel 
fun fact: I was trying to watch The LEGO Movie 2, but due to scheduling conflict and moving season. Had no choice but to choose Alita: Battle Angel.. although, I won't get my chance to watch LEGO Movie 2 til Digital/Blu-Ray, I'm still gonna watch Captain Marvel.
spoiler alert: captain marvel easily kicks everyone's ass with female empowerment. also nick fury is supposed to be white, it's not enough to have black panther. #feminism #kalergi
Can I just ask WTF is going on with Captain Marvel? Cause on the one hand I just wanna go in and see if the movie is good but on the other hand I'm afraid that this "Controversy" I keep hearing about will ruin the film's quality as well as the experience.
So i went to see Cold Pursuit, it was good. Nothing too special but it's okay, it was different than the usual Liam Nesson action movie.. As well i saw trailers for Captain Marvel and Avengers Endgame pic.twitter.com/DG8UHClmRv
Captain Marvel: A movie with a ton of  heart. Loved it from the jump! Grade: 91% pic.twitter.com/wj2mGKAbU7
Captain marvel 8/10
Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/uZII9GhV0F
we going  captain marvel premiere on weds!
Captain marvel this week. Marvel seasonn is bk
A shoutout to @redlianak . The only reason Captain Marvel is a Marvel character is because of a falling out between Fawcett and DC in the late fifties. Marvel created the character so they would take and keep the rights. It's a long and complicated story.
Captain marvel tol
the real hero of captain marvel......
Captain marvel next week will be lit
Captain Marvel wuz lit!!!!!!
Is it just me or is it there a conspiracy with tentacles? First Sex Education, then the umbrella academy.. now captain marvel!!!! Tentacles are in, bye
People don't like the review or the press surrounding Captain Marvel. IGN has also steadily lost credibility as a reviewer.
Luckily those ones you can find for a pretty reasonable price on Amazon. The Captain Marvels on the other hand, well there's a bit of a mark up (They don't come in my size anyway, which is a bummer, but it helps me not feels so bad for not spending almost $200)
Captain Marvel's winning by a long shot. . So much for the angry white man boycott.
I'm not there but want Captain Marvel Pogs. Someone make this happen. 
The reception for Captain Marvel unfortunately mirrors my feelings on when I read the books, which is in theory and visually she's awesome but her solo stories are pretty much average. She always works well in the Avengers, playing off others.
Always wanted to be a bot. See Captain Marvel  in theaters March 8th.
Wow, captain marvel must be especially terrible then
@LTBlackBolt seeing Captain Marvel this weekend?
Did Captain Marvel do something bad? You're missing quite a bit of info here.
My Sunday is busy!. 11am: Captain Marvel. 1pm: Brunch.               |.               |.               |.               |.               |.  Later    |.              V. MAVS vs Rockets . Jeffs going down
Exactly who are you bitching at? If your mad about orgasms, find a man who can please you.  If you dont like men who think we shouldnt have Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel, by all means...point that man out to everyone. Ill wait.
Captain Marvel workouts 
Post a pic of women that could kick Captain Marvel's butt pic.twitter.com/kHKluSo0Yf
miss John-Kamen was not at the world premiere of Captain Marvel we going  sadness
WWZ and Endgame are literally all im excited for in life right now haha, only going to go see captain marvel incase it has anything to do with end game :P
CAPTAIN MARVEL: no one calls her Kree Larson. F-
Why are men so mad over captain marvel? Like imagine being THAT stupid pic.twitter.com/jvkgAWJYI1
To hell with your captain marvel movie then I'm gonna watch Battle angel Alita for the second time pic.twitter.com/WUHES4OLVg
I can guarantee this isn't true. People looked at next week's screenings for advanced tickets and assumed Captain Marvel being the only film present means it is the only one showing. This usually happens with big releases. Other films are added once its closer to the weekend.
Obviously no spoilers, but Captain Marvel was fucking awesome lads
Heroism reduced to firepower in Marvel's 'Captain Marvel,' a movie that is just fine 
im so happy and excited for captain marvel i want it to do so well so shrimpy dicked men who doubted her can rot, LETS GO CAROL BBYGIRL LETS GO
Yo I just cleaned the shit out of my apartment and I feel more powerful than Captain Marvel and Wonder woman combined.
With the success of Wonder Woman and now Captain Marvel, the @geoffjohns version of Star Sapphire should be the next to get her own movie #CaptainMarvel @wbpicturespic.twitter.com/aa5DcKHpV0
When he sees Captain Marvel weekend box office pic.twitter.com/nhpkdth9op
It's crazy to think if Kelly Sue DeConnick (and the Jamie McKelvie redesign) never did her Captain Marvel run, we wouldn't be getting the Captain Marvel movie
Halsey rocks short hair at 'Captain Marvel' premiere 
god this week took a complete 360 from the worst to the best. i got way better than i expected on my exam, got the clinical site i wanted, im seeing captain marvel tomorrow & its payday  oh and i get to watch the pens game tomorrow too!
captain marvel's done, so all that's left in the checklist are dumbo, pet sematary, hellboy, endgame, detective pikachu, godzilla, aladdin,  john wick: parabellum, dark phoenix, men in black international, toy story 4, far from home, lion king, it chapter 2, joker, new mutants,
Sounding like Captain Marvel is middle of the pack as far as MCU movies go. Lets be real... people are mostly looking forward to the mid/post credits scenes. I still think itll be a solid movie and its cool to finally have a female superhero in MCU get her own flick.
A few things. Many liberal sites said it's meh. A journalist avoided talking about it in detail to not make the people happy who knew it'll be a bad movie.. Rotten T. modified their site to please Disney.. For a while, you could buy ONLY Captain Marvel tickets on Fandango. Cringe.
I love Captain Marvel can't wait to see it, and if if they ever do a Miss Marvel movie I hope it's the Kamala Khan version.
 Captain Marvel hits theaters tomorrow evening...see it at Valley View Cinemark on their XD screen which is THX certified. It has an 11.1 channel surround sound system and a projector that is capable of displaying 35 trillion colors.. Located...
did people already know that there was going to be a captain marvel movie when they saw this post cred scene. pic.twitter.com/9CF6tpV1sm
Scota - see youre up to your old tricks. Can you do some trolling about Captain Marvel? Its top banter and a lot of angry feminazis out there will leap at the merest sniff of criticism of the wahmens. I will totally play along as a white knight if you do. Itll be multo fun
There are arguments to be made either way. Personally, I think Captain Marvel will be great, just like Wonder Woman was.
Who says anything about oppression? Oppression is systemic. Discrimination is individual. For example. While there is no system actively pressing me to keeping me from going to see Captain Marvel Ive been told and discriminated against by an individual that Im not welcome.
captain marvel
Captain Marvel.-Shazam . Btw for the new people that i have here and not yet on IG  my Instagram is : @ yamil.xl pic.twitter.com/1DbLYHuj7N
Captain Marvel gonna hit the road!
I'm seriously wondering if Brie Larson just hates the people who produced Captain Marvel and wants it to crash and burn. . She's doing everything she can to make it happen.
to be honest i dont trust the reviews for captain marvel knowing theyre primarily coming from straight white men
Don't worry, guise, I'm sure if we re-launch Captain Marvel for like, the 30th time in ten years, the mythical little girls in Rey costumes will come and save the funnybooks industry and they will rescue Star Wars and Ghostbusters 2016.. Any day now. Annnnny day.
No one is canceling a multimillion dollar film cuz some stupid people online got a hate train going on. Ghostbusters 2016 was released and Captain Marvel is coming out too.
One more work day and almost Captain Marvel time! All that's getting me through
How exactly did I embarrass myself? By reminding that the ORIGINAL and BETTER female Captain Marvel is black and wears black-and-white? Give me one reason for why it's annoying and wrong.
Returned to Earth when her old powers started coming back, and became Warbird. Then a few years ago, took up the Captain Marvel name. Besides Carol, there have been like three other Captain Marvels after Mar-Vell. Two of them being women.
captain marvel is a giant propaganda for us millitary. i hope the incels win this time and it tanks at box office.
Wonder Woman is a feminist Icon. Captain Marvel is She Ra meets Riot Grrrl, Girl Power meets Superpowers. . Go watch the movie for yourself. There's a place for both these heroes.
Captain Marvel, la recensione 
Credit scene of captain marvel
Wow captain marvel 2hr 4mins
my uncles really going to captain marvel on Tuesday with out me huh
What do we have to do for some Captain Marvel POGS?! 
CAPTAIN MARVEL.
After seeing the witty retorts and slaps on the back to thier fearful brethren in regard to Captain Marvel I feel it is safe to say that far too many homes still have lead in thier water pipes and not enough books.
I don't think she knows what movie she's in. She must think this is black panther 2. Because if this movie was supposed to target people of color, you think they would have went with the Monica Rambeau Captain Marvel. Perhaps we are seeing white guilt here??
Captain Marvel . Endgame cant come soon enough !
Captain Marvel in 6 Days
my name is piper,, i'm from new york and i love and support captain marvel #CaptainMarvel 
" Joining the Air Force is so cool and feminist! the Captain Marvel ads seem to say. To which I ask: Wait, the same Air Force thats controlled by President Donald Trump?" ok but joining the U.S. military was also not feminist under Obama
Enter to win passes to the advance screening of Captain Marvel 
Bad reviews of captain marvel from females... I dont understand. @RandomMnkypic.twitter.com/Cln2EaOPk9
You ladies already got a Wonder Woman movie. Why do you need a Captain Marvel movie? - said no man ever in the history of humankind, but keep on keeping on sister.
Remarks like this killed captain marvel. Good job
 Seriously. I know your guys tactics. Tweet all u want. I won't play your games. I'm here to support MK 11. That's it. We'll see who gets the last lol. For the record Wonder Woman did it right great move. Captain Marvel will flop. Wait and see. Thats all
movie list: voxlux, friend zone, captain marvel, green book
Unfortunately I think Captain Marvel will make money but this feminist nonsense might affect future productions, much like The    Last Jedi and Solo.
the only review of captain marvel I need is 'does she come out of the screen and punch me directly in the face?'. oh and 'how are the 90s bops'
Agreed. I'm just really looking forward to the look on their faces when Alita joins Captain Marvel as a symbol of resistance and empowerment at protests.
Captain Marvel really come out in five days  Im so excited
Be patient and see. I know what youre saying, and this has happened multiple times before with other movies. Its nothing to be outraged about. Captain Marvel has had pre-order tickets since 2 months ago, so it makes sense why those showtimes are secured.
They really goin all out for Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/FfTY1w0KOx
Captain Marvel cause he got magic as powers.
THIS IS MY BABY NIECE DRESSED AS CAPTAIN MARVEL AND THIS IS WHY FEMALE SUPERHEROES ARE IMPORTANT pic.twitter.com/7VVfswsv54
Wow this really sparked a lot of convo,  it Captain Marvel is pushed as the strongest in the comics and movies ( correct me if I'm wrong), shes also going to be the leader moving forward taking over for cap, so shes here to stay. Honestly it's just her acting that I want better
Captain Marvel and you have nothing in common
Yall better put some respect on captain marvels name cuz this film is gonna be amazing and make history #BelieveThat
Captain Marvel na next week yey!!!
What do you think about this Captain Marvel drama surrounding the film?
im rewatching the world premiere captain marvel interviews and maria and carol do karaoke???? PLS pic.twitter.com/Ec5lzB9jKO
Still waiting for Captain Marvel's Tomatoscore.
I'm way too excited to see Captain Marvel go fucking full fledged Binary in this bitch.
im really out here crying about captain marvel in the middle of class, huh?
@KRKS143 Captain marvel Friday and then this 
I really wanna see captain marvel gotta start workin on a date
The bots are working overtime for Bernie and the Captain Marvel hate. . Thread. 
Today, I've worked on the Robotech RPG, my next novel, and a short story for my patreon. I'm going to work later on a script for @Fauxthentics and a review of Captain Marvel.
The main hero wasn't Captain Marvel. It was the cat
I saw so many reviews for Captain Marvel, say its no Wonder Woman or Black Panther. Its so frustrating, its like were not even giving movies a chance to form their own path.
This is getting stupid now.... Captain Marvel is just for children.. Great, how do they pay for tickets, how do they get to the cinema etc.. 
The original Captain Marvel was named Mar-Vell, and he was a Captain in the Kree military. So, when he introduced himself as "Captain Mar-Vell", a bunch of reporters misheard him. I swear to God, I'm not joking.
Not that I support that SJW and liberal bullshit but Captain Marvel doesn't include any of that stuff. What the actor does on her own time isn't of my concern, Captain Marvel already has better critical reviews than Alita and I will judge it based on what I see on the screen.
And don't even get me started on how the "incels" who don't want Captain Marvel, have also been saying that they're more interesting in a Black Widow movie, and think her character is long overdue for a solo MCU film.
I see Captain Marvel in 41 hours and Im shaking thinking of it
I liked the compassion of the Wonder Woman movie, as it is a revolutionary of superhero movies having a female superhero as the star. Captain Marvel, well it's determined if whether it's good or not depends on the story. I honestly didn't like how it's being advertised though.
Remember that time Captain Marvel was forcibly impregnated by an Alien and the Avengers laughed at her?. I'm not kidding, this actually happened. pic.twitter.com/LrkNOurOmu
Got our Captain Marvel tickets #thursdaycomefaster
Watching Spiderverse thinking not long until Captain Marvel, Super Dog and Marvel the Monkey
Captain Marvel! 
This is the final week to see HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON 3 here through Wed. Starting Thurs March 7th CAPTAIN MARVEL @ 7 pm!!
Captain Marvel rocks! Check out photos from this mornings #CaptainMarvel Live Cast Q&A with performances by BushOfficial and L7OfficialHQ at Tower Records! . If you're in the Los Angeles area, visit the Captain Marvel takeover of Tower Records today & t pic.twitter.com/lgUFpDGEF9
This literally happens for every big movie, but all of a sudden its a huge conspiracy because its Captain Marvel. Ive seen this a lot lately.
Ant man,captain marvel,wasp Spider-Man plus I think they going to develop new characters
Or its legs will be boosted by Avengers: Endgame trailer 2 that heavily features Captain Marvel  
GUESS WHO'S WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL ON WEDNESDAY SDHAKSHOADGHASHJSJSJ
@ThatKevinSmith i dont know if youve seen Captain Marvel yet, but Stans cameo in it is my favorite by far. Couldnt stop laughing, but the rest of the audience probably didnt get it.
y i k e s, same.  Either this is a massive error in movie displays, or Disney's pulling some extremely shady shit in order to sell Captain Marvel.
Who trying to go see captain marvel Friday with me??
lmao my friends wants to watch captain marvel with me jssjsjsk idk who im going with jxjdsjsj im such a huge mcu fan aaaahh
Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel
@mundanematt interesting that you mentioned about separating the art from the artists in your video of 5 reasons to watch Captain Marvel because thats what I did it for Frozen.
Captain Marvel Tomorrow. Avengers Endgame next month. #WhatATime
As much as I want to see it Im glad Chaos Walking didnt come out today bc Captain Marvel is next week and I just know it wouldve ate CW alive pic.twitter.com/5j8LD4kpeX
captain marvel is so close its less than a week now i cant believe
How Brie Larson, classic introvert, became 'Captain Marvel': 'I want to grow' 
Captain Marvel in 5 days
And watch the movie ! Cant wait for Endgame now that Ive seen Captain Marvel  pic.twitter.com/8j8hCvdb4R
*in the middle of a packed meeting room* . Lineman: yeah that new captain whatever movie comes out Friday. Me: CAPTAIN MARVEL, YES I AM PUMPED. Lineman: pic.twitter.com/ddIEXjM8Bl
A)  Gamora. B)  Scarlet Witch. C)  Captain Marvel. D)  Black Widow. #CinepolisIndia #MarvelSuperWomen #CaptainMarvel . @IndiaCinepolis . Join @rashmibapna1107 @sapnachawla84_ @RasikaJain2 @lkygrl18 @Lyfscool247
This critic claims that Captain Marvel isn't the greatest Marvel movie, however he gives it the same score as arguably one of the best Marvel movies 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' pic.twitter.com/7KbW93omBr
OK, Im not and never was a fan of comic books, so someone please tell me.  Wasnt Captain Marvel a guy?  Is this movie another revision of history?  Is Captain Marvel a woman, or used to be a man, but now is a woman?
Captain Marvel advertising pineapples, Marry Poppins advertising cars, it looks like nowadays they try to squeeze as much as they can from any movie, even if theres no relation to the movie or characters
When are you going to see Captain Marvel?
Its already proven they redid Iron Mans flight scenes and digitized Captain Marvel doing the same moves.
Wasnt it Captain Marvel that got tanked on rotten tomatoes ?
'Captain Marvel' is a satisfying pro-empowerment romp 
Screw Captain Marvel I say give Silver Sable her own movie, Silver is a far more interesting character, and although she isn't very well known either, she is a Black Widow type of badass. pic.twitter.com/AmK2PwQOHc
captain marvel pic.twitter.com/9p2P9n0Z8Q
Nice captain marvel look with the red white and blue
at least one of my friends agreed to see captain marvel with me YES 
I hear a lot of people trashing Captain Marvel so id just like to say: I really enjoyed the movie. To me it was heartfelt, had a nice story with some really cool twists, a lot of amazing loveable characters, some really funny parts and it has a great message
thats captain marvel
Captain Marvel Premiere Baby!!! . @captainmarvel #CaptainMarvel. #premiere
@arythevillxin you go see Captain Marvel next week?
Nobody:. My friend: so I got a conspiracy about ticket sales for captain marvel . Me: OH DEAR GOD PLEASE NO
fuck captain marvel was amazing i love her HER pic.twitter.com/6GkC4tIyyz
Captain Marvel
i see captain marvel tOMORROW im so excited pic.twitter.com/zGgQXTrqX9
I'll have to wait till next Wednesday to watch Captain Marvel because I have to work
CAPTAIN MARVEL: Leaked Concept Art Reveals A Potentially Major Nick Fury SPOILER PLEASE dont read if u care for spoilers if you dont...  YESSSSS. #.XH3jflpmNoA.twitter
This is the Captain Marvel I remember as a kid.... Final Shazam! trailer teases powers, villain, and bigger action 
Captain Marvel & Marvel Comics video on the way. My friend Brian Hibbs made some news and I give my two cents as a former Comic Shop retailer. Doctor Who video is next.
My 4yo, who has never seen Captain Marvel in anything, is insanely stoked for the movie. She's seen the trailers. Seen the posters. Has the mash'ems. And she is bonkers for this movie. . My wife and I will see it alone first, but I really hope I can take her. #CaptainMarvel
How about we all ignore reviews by straight men about Captain Marvel? No offense, but they've pretty much proven they can't be trusted with movies that have strong female leads.
CAPTAIN MARVEL COMES OUT THIS WEEK !!!!!!!
Comicbook movie season finally kicking off Friday and I couldn't be happier (even tho it's lame ass Captain Marvel).
I have become confused that there is a marvel captain marvel and a dc captain marvel releasing movies around the same time.
Waiting for end war on April..Captain marvel
Captain Marvel (2019) - 
DONALD J. TRUMP: ... and that is why I am awarding the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Ms. Carol Danvers, also known as Captain Marvel, for her heroic work toppling Juan Guaidos brutal regime and bringing freedom to the people of Venezuela.. (*Congress bursts into applause*)
I've heard "Captain Marvel" is coming out soon, bet fans of the third "Ghostbusters" can't wait.
Lets play a game and see how many white men can get their panties in a knot over Captain Marvel. The male ego amazes me
Captain Marvel looks like a fraud created by an obnoxious brat
We want and need more like Captain Marvel.. Storm: Origins. Birds of Prey. Daughters of the Dragon. Okoye/Black Widow/Nakia/Maria Hill in an Expendables-style team up. These are just ones that come to mind immediately
Make a good movie, with a strong female lead and people will respond by purchasing tickets = Wonder Woman . Make a shit movie, with an asshole for a star, and the audience will diminish = Captain Marvel.. Vote with your dollars, and eventually Hollywood will get the message.
What? Carol Danvers as Captain Marvel isn't a new thing. Are you thinking of the Captain Marvel from DC, with the lightning bolts and Shazam? Because he's still around at DC.
Captain marvel is aRT pls go see it
Anyone wanna see Captain Marvel this Weekend?
Dololo hype over Captain Marvel dropping this weekend.
 Wow... Awesome Captain Marvel cosplay, Definitely looking forward to the movie !
hello im looking for new marvel mutuals so uh rt if you stan. tony/iron man. gamora. spiderman. shuri/bp cast. spiderman into the spider verse. captain marvel / carol . thor. antman. wasp/hope. bucky
She is my Captain Marvel.  I am marveling at her composure and clarity.. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez questions Michael Cohen (C-SPAN)  via @YouTube
Enjoy! I really loved it... And dont forget to not watch Captain Marvel next week!!!
It seems like this is also happening outside the US as well (in the UK namely). Something is going on here to where a bunch of theaters are ONLY showing Captain Marvel for a few days, maybe more. Could deserve a video.
Actual footage of @EPCATDork showing up to his audition for Captain Marvel 
What do you REALLY expect from captain marvel?
Seen Captain Marvel, you have not. Out of your butt, talking are you pic.twitter.com/H0EfzIgpXB
tbh when i saw the trailer i expected it to be just a prequel and not have endgame in it as a question until maybe the creds cos i thought it was just gonna explain who captain marvel rly was so wed know what to expect from her in endgame (& for those who never knew who she was)
Need a study break? Come join us at the cinema to see Captain Marvel this Thurs or next Tues! More details are on our insta & fb, so go check those out or dm us! Which one will you be going to??
Captain marvel
keluar awal ea captain marvel? isnt it supposed to be 7/3?
If you like comic book movies, I think you should watch both and have a good time at the motion picture theater.. But I also think you should watch the old 1941 Captain Marvel serial! It's lots of fun.
me: oh you like the jonas brothers? congrats on liking the thing your tv told you to like . also me: *bought captain marvel tickets two months ago*
Captain marvel tomorrow yes please
I wont go see Captain Marvel
omg i forgot captain marvel is coming out this week
i past by the captain marvel premiere WOW
Captain Marvel this week! Hell yes. This is gonna be awesome.
Misogynistic nerds have already made it so CAPTAIN MARVEL will be impossible to talk about
Not white. And Captain Marvel is dope. Lol I love what they're doing with the series. You act like I'm being prejudice and xenophobic. You don't know me, and yet you stereotype. Also, that's inherently slanderish in nature. Keep pushing a false narrative.
Scott Pilgrim vs The World: Every bit an Edgar Wright movie, based on the books by Bryan Lee OMalley. Starring Michael Cera, Kieran Culkin, Anna Kendrick, Alison Pill, Aubrey Plaza, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Jason Schwartzman, Captain America, Captain Marvel...and loads more! pic.twitter.com/Qax2mW8qNQ
What I hate about this film was the obvious play by rotten tomatoes too review bomb Alita, which we know is true because whilst at Box office it had %53 score and a %90+ audience score in order to try and prevent competition with Captain Marvel...
I dont even wanna watch Captain Marvel, but I have to.
Captain Marvel so far has beat all other marvel movies (except iw and bp) in advance ticket sales so im sure shell be more than fine
men get so butthurt about captain marvel lmao its hilarious
I wanna see captain marvel so bad but Im broke af
#Cinemagate. IT'S OFFICIAL- WE ARE NOT INVITED TO CAPTAIN MARVEL!  via @YouTube
The look youll get if you ask for 1 for Alita this weekend in front of Captain Marvel fans . pic.twitter.com/NZuQpneyKz
Two things get me to Marvel movies: 1) a character I'm already interested in and 2) a charismatic lead.. Brie Larson is a charisma black hole, and NOBODY cares about Captain Marvel. Don't even bother arguing that second point. The list of cancelled comic series proves it.
The scary thing is that if captain marvel so much as makes a plugged nickel in profits, it could happen pic.twitter.com/en0dz9oY2W
I especially like how projections for Captain Marvel's opening box office have dropped from $160 million to ~$80 million.. #whoops
Everyone shut the fuck up about Captain Marvel
BITCH I MIGHT BE ABLE TO GO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL ON WEDNESDAY ,,,,,, pic.twitter.com/cvDQRlDTFv
Captain marvel this weekend!!!!!
Meet the cast of 'Captain Marvel' in new featurette from Marvel Studios 
Juuuuusssst clued in that Captain Marvel comes out on #iwd2019 ... I assume this is more than a happy accident?
Captain Marvel is at 91%. They have done it again!
Ppl hatin on #CaptainMarvel,. Piss off..Ok?. Sudden outburst because she 'said' something?How many times your idols blethered some misogynistic crap,did u cry then?If you don't like , then don't watch the movie. Hide the word 'Captain Marvel' in twitter & live peacefully you dweebs
Captain Marvel is set for a heroic debut this weekend, estimated to earn $125M in the US and $300M globally.. #Hollywood #film #movie
I voted for #TeamCaptainMarvel on @TyltEntCaptain Marvel is more powerful than Superman 
I hope you defended Alita Battle Angel, too. Or are you just a Marvel defender? Good movies are good. Bad movies are good. Im hoping Captain Marvel isnt how some critics made it out to be. I hope I like it.
Trailers are a thing remember. It was easy to see from Ghostbusters how that was going to turn out and it still got the same "people hate this because they're sexist".. If Captain Marvel is good, then people will see it.
We watchin Captain Marvel this Thursday night
I'll be Honest Marvel movies were becoming very bland and generic. Infinity War reignited my interest because it was different. Ant Man & Wasp was meh, and Captain Marvel looks incredibly bland. Still interested in End Game.
I guarantee you that Captain Marvel will be huge in the opening weekend and will fall short in the 2nd weekend just like Black Panther did last year.
Now its more like if you like Captain Marvel, youre an awful person. Siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiigggggggggghhhhhhhh
Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car  
Captain Marvel
I have What men want tonight, Alien tommorow and then fighting with my family on Thursday before I do Captain Marvel at Midnight. . No captain Marvel? Where do you live? Mars?
Looking at all of the still-available seats, Im a bit worried about the Captain Marvel opening weekend.
I think Emily Blunt would of been amazing as Captain Marvel. I think she is really pretty and that's coming from a straight female. I can call other girls pretty. >.>
and i didnt say you love or not her character, but i kinda doubt you do, or why arent you outraged about brie larson and her fake diversity? captain marvel should have been played by a black woman, not by that entitled good for nothing
i really really hope i get to see captain marvel next weekend
I for one cannot wait for the release of Captain Marvel so we can finally stop having to call back to 20+ year old movies for examples of action films with strong female leads.. 
Have you seen Captain Marvel movie?
Captain Marvel review: a fun but flawed origin tale 
Pekela did Danais hair for the CNET magazine shoot.  Btw, Danai in that jumpsuit has the same energy as Captain Marvel in her fluit suit.  pic.twitter.com/0kb7TrhWa1
the fact i have to wait til sunday to see captain marvel is a CRIME, my best friend is lucky i love her
HAPPY CAPTAIN MARVEL DAY pic.twitter.com/LIVNV2o4rP
I feel the same way about Captain Marvel being female as I would if Captain Marvel had a fantasy football team. #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/oqpBOtq2wj
Gonna go see Captain Marvel on Thursday, looking forward to it.
I wanted to see Captain Marvel, but Brie and some SJW/NPC journalist you pay told me that this movie is not made for me, because I dont have the right colour of skin, and Im the wrong sex.  And since you are racist and sexist too, I cant tell you this using your own site.
I get to see Captain Marvel on Friday! pic.twitter.com/AYvvwyw3o4
Captain Marvel: Just Enough Quality. Civil War: Too Much Quality
i'm at the station now and two person beside me talking about what the difference about captain marvel and captain america
I'm excited for Captain Marvel, but I'm afraid Carol Danvers isn't even my favorite superhero with their first name containing the letters A, C, L, O, and R. It's got to be @coralevans10 :-) hope you and @J_CoolRockets are doing well :)
The Fandango fan poll has Wonder Woman as the top female superhero performance.  Will Captain Marvel make the top 5 after this week? pic.twitter.com/AjfcO4Vhls
CAPTAIN MARVEL IN JUST 2 DAYS!!
Its another big year for Marvel movies, with the next (last?) Avengers movie & the debut of Captain Marvel,the modern MCUs first film headlined by a woman. While we dont know everything about these movies,here are the books that should help you prepare. 
My  review of Captain Marvel (2019) on @letterboxd:
Maybe  but I'd still have an hour to 2 hours after the last film until Captain Marvel. And then I'd feel like this... pic.twitter.com/ejejfuzHWd
Yaaaas already have tix for captain marvel, and avengers end game yaaaas
19 HOURS UNTIL I WATCH CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!!!!!!
Got my ticket for Captain Marvel! Represent for the ladies #BrieLarson
Captain Marvel could rescue the box office, after the worst February inyears 
Captain marvel was already in a trivia. It won by a large shot. You should be asking for other movies. I think...
This is the reason I'm seeing it Thursday night. All the memes on Twitter starting Friday morning are going to be Captain Marvel spoiler related, I just know it
Captain Marvel's really about to give us cat people the representation we deserve
Gonna have to wait till I get back from Japan to see Captain Marvel
Youre not alone. Look at Twitter and Reddit. People have been cancelled left and right for no reason in the last 24. A week before Captain Marvel and the start of the busy movie season. Its no coincidence. Im waiting for mine to get suddenly cancelled any day now...
Captain America. The Hulk. Black Panther. Captain Marvel. Spider-Man. The Earths mightiest Super Heroes have assembled for the new Marvel Citizen Collection of Timepieces. #MyCitizen #CitizenMarvel #Marvel #Avengers #SuperHeropic.twitter.com/0Ru12R9eBG
Do you know what Shazam and Captain Marvel have in common? The fact that I won't watch any of them. pic.twitter.com/ZLU81H93W8
Since my dad has to work well be seeing Captain Marvel on Sunday
This article captures why I love Captain Marvel. #CarolCorps
How badly is Captain Marvel going to flop?
Yea Caught Captain Marvel in Drama . #WinWithINOX @INOXMoviespic.twitter.com/AzibS9YBo5
CAPTAIN MARVEL
My local theater (in the US) doesn't show anything but Captain Marvel this weekend. "twilight zone music" 
IF U KNOE ME U KNOW I DONT WATCH MOVIES MUCH. BUT CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS DA
What I think she does realize and is trying to provide advanced cover for is.... ...Captain Marvel looks like she's an angry, constipated drone and the movie may be the worst Marvel film on record.
Although if it was Junior Captain Marvel - Her early Teen Years, he would be the first in line, with his overcoat and cutout !!!!
Mine is Captain Marvel, Avengers, Hobbs and Shaw. Those Marvel movies have a lot to tell us. How did AntMan come out of that stuff? How will Captain Marvel change the whole story? Will Tony not get back in time to Pepper to get married? Confusing
In prep for Captain Marvel, I'm finally watching Scott Pilgrim! The movie with Brie Larson that I've never seen for some reason....
The countdown to Captain Marvel is on! While you're waiting, take our Women of Power Quiz to determine which woman of power you are! #FunkoQuiz #FunkoWomenOfPower 
If you havent heard, Gab made a new browser plug-in which lets anyone comment on any URL, like, oh I dunno Rotten Tomatoes Captain Marvel page at  They tried to take away our ability to comment, but this  plugin lets us comment!
I get your point, those characters are amazing and give good representation to minority groups! But you named supporting characters. We would love to see a main character to represent us, Miles Morales and Captain Marvel are great examples of that!
AAAAAAAAAH CAPTAIN MARVEL IS IN CINEMAS ALREADY
captain marvel is an elite movie
Tomorrow is the Captain Marvel us premiere.
RECENSIONE  Captain Marvel (NOSPOILER) 
I hope Captain Marvel answers some questions about whats next even though its set before everything
other people section.. is usually flooded before a movie is out, to purposely tank like in the case of Captain Marvel being a women and people against it.. RTomatoes disabling pre release comments/reviews helps but.. . It's still gonna be a forever biased section now.
And remember that Captain Marvel was held to be a rip-off of Superman - so Miracleman is, as Alan Moore said, a bastard offspring of the Big Blue Cheese.
Goodbye, Room!  Im Captain Marvel now! pic.twitter.com/suQqTMFObg
Gila sih Captain Marvel. Nice teaser for the Avengers "End Game".
@ColliderLive is talking captain marvel 2 & I imagine game of thrones season 8 trailer so unfortunately I cant watch live today but Ill get my recap in later today if you dont care about spoilers or first impressions go watch them tho!!
Brie Larson at the UK premiere of Captain Marvel. pic.twitter.com/BaoBRzQpGw
Marvel + Thunderbirds = AMAZING. I seriously can't wait to see Captain Marvel in theaters and see the Thunderbirds later this month in Travis AFB. 
white men rolling out their main account and 4 bot accounts to spam captain marvel hate because they can't comprehend the simple idea of inviting more than just them to discuss a movie
Captain Marvel spoiler not spoiler:. Ngapain, anjg? pic.twitter.com/Gtx36G0FXd
captain marvel reviews come out tomorrow
I could never get into the more realistic versions of Captain Marvel drawn by later artists. The cartoony style of Fawcett artists like CC Beck and Kurt Schaffenberger made the Marvel Family for me.
Captain Marvel at citymall gang Im ready HAHAHA
I'd argue that you don't get a Rey lead Star Wars in 2015 without the one two punch of Twilight and The Hunger Games, that you don't get a Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel in 2017 and 2019 respectively either. Hell, you don't get a 170mil Alita: Battle Angel adaption either. 
And then go to the theater Alita is playing in when they cant take anymore of Captain Marvel.
oh shit im seeing captain marvel in 18 hours!!!!! OOOOO:
I wonder how it just happened to work out that we've got movies coming out for both Captain Marvel and Captain Marvel within the same year.
ok but several people have found their local theaters were only playing captain marvel :^)
Honestly not excited at all to see Captain Marvel this week but I need to see it just because it leads into the next Avengers Movie
Ang mindfuck ng Captain Marvel
Captain Marvel #MovieTheatre2019
Captain Marvel's probably gonna suck like Black Panther.
The Captain Marvel Reviews are exactly what every sane peron expected. Fucking average pic.twitter.com/zjCXhl45im
Who wants Captain Marvel tickets?
I'm still not excited about captain marvel... Idk why but I'm not
And I'm sure all these Netflix warriors will be tweeting non stop to RUN DON'T WALK to see Marvel movie #37 in theaters next weekend, even though they know you will have 14 more chances to see Captain Marvel in theaters in the next 2 years.
@TheFive @JesseBWatters @greggutfeld Hope you discuss the Captain Marvel topic this week. Social Justice,Toxic Feminism. Unprecedented how it's female lead is damaging Marvel reputation & loyal fanbase for her own views & opinions. Mass audience standing up against Left Hollywood
captain marvel sa fridaAaay na!!
Why is everyone comparing Captain Marvel to Alita: Battle Angel? They have nothing in common.
Ugh someone come see Captain Marvel with me?
@AMCHelps trying to by tickets to captain marvel but it won't apply my rewards. Any idea why?
grabbed my ticket to captain marvel next wednesday pic.twitter.com/WPAwKDXsQB
Captain Marvel Tonight
You are confusing two Captain Marvel...
GUYS!!! CAPTAIN MARVEL STUFF!!! #captainmarvel #higherfurtherfastertpa @ Amalie Arena 
Meh. They started this with the Last Jedi. Rei the female lead that knows everything immediately. General Holdo the gender studies teacher. Now they are trying to implement crazy modern feminism in Captain Marvel too. It will bomb and Disney will lose money.
@ThatKevinSmith Stans cameo in Captain Marvel was really touching.
Anyone else seeing a bunch of Disney bots tweeting out when to see Captain marvel in copy and paste fashion? And they think #Comicsgate is the side of the bots?
@brielarson is da bomb in captain marvel
Captain Marvel
Some people were saying that movie theatres have been paid to only play #CaptainMarvel on the 7th so I checked and its actually fucking true.. Captain Marvel is so revolutionary, it changed Rotten Tomatos scoring system and first Marvel movie to need a handicap.. Ms. Marvel >>> pic.twitter.com/mJxt9RFTUZ
going to see captain marvel by myself on my day off Friday, cant risk the internet spoiling it for me
Im not a Influencer but Im going to the press showing, I love Captain Marvel. Maybe Im gonna be a little impartial. But is my job too review movies.
Opening weekend for Black Panther had a group of teenagers in the front row, one of which was using two cellphones simultaneously.  It was a very bad experience for me.. I pre-ordered tickets for Captain Marvel opening weekend at the local 21+ theatre. Fingers crossed.
White male haters and their toxicity not welcome at Captain Marvel, but theres a catch 
Seeing Captain Marvel tomorrow. Oh my god, I cant believe shes finally here.
@RealPaigeWWE this weekend my kids will go see captain marvel but Ill finally get to see #FightingWithMyFamily because youre the real superhero.
me after watching the first post-credit scene from captain marvel pic.twitter.com/SdNMb4f079
I feel like the public is one of the reason I like going to the theater so much. I just watched Captain Marvel and the second the movie ended, there was a thunderous applause. Knowing that everyone around me loved it just as much as me was so amazing !
as a Marvel fan I look forward to Captain Marvel. Im also a film critic so Im going to critique it just like every other film
'Captain Marvel' goes higher, further, faster in its world premiere 
His timeline is a binfire and he hates Captain Marvel because he hates women.
Captain Marvel (2019):. [tony stark built this in a cave voice]. SAM JACKSON ARGUES WITH A CAT
I resell Disney merchandise. Captain Marvel stuff has always sold quickly. I cant give away Black Widow stuff. The fans have spoken.
Ask me if Im feelin captain marvel gona be fire
Captain marvel this week?
captain marvel was so good  but i got home at midnight and now tired asf
I agree. Personally Im not gonna see this movie because Ive go no interest in Captain Marvels storyline. Also Ive never liked Bri Larson even before she was announced for this role.
A BOY ASKED ME OUT TO GO CAPTAIN MARVEL EYE---- IM FAT WHO WOULD ASK ME OUT pic.twitter.com/F7YLbvQbSV
finally got my tickets for captain marvel, I'm so excited
Captain Marvel will def get me through this week  cant waittttt
So Captain Marvel doesn't like white men? Maybe I really do stan. pic.twitter.com/SEN3nJ1T1g
ooh idiot Im real hurt. Brie is playing Captain Marvel. Monica will be something different, or maybe take her mantle. Its unsure yet as shes just a kid. . Miss Marvel has been rumoured to have been casted and join later in the MCU. you okay there son?
@LAPDHollywood are all these hovering helicopters for the Thunderbird flyover for "Captain Marvel"? And if so, can I just express the opinion that annoying and freaking out residents for hours just to advertise a movie is giving me a Monday eye twitch?
I agree that those guys are popular because marvel made good movies around them. they're doing the same for captain marvel
Facebook Competition Time!!. Captain Marvel opens on Friday 8th March and to celebrate we're offering two prize packages.. Prize Package 1:. 2 Tickets to see Captain Marvel. 1 Medium Popcorn. 2 Medium... 
you think imma listen to a straight white man review captain marvel SIKE
 "Kicks ass" or "disappointing"? Read the mixed Captain Marvel reviews by @latimesent
Mine was Wonderwoman  , now I adore supergirl and her . I have a feeling the new captain marvel might get a look in too.
Here's Captain Marvel about without any context pic.twitter.com/io3ncJwfve
solid captain marvel!
Marvel sure is pushing the PR for Captain Marvel. they must be nervous about their new face.
lemme stop being upset over friends who dont even think about me  on the bright side IM SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL ON THURSDAY WOOOOOOOO
watch tayo captain marvel
buy tickets to captain marvel march 8 or perish
This Friday Captain Marvel is coming out so of course Disney is going all out. I will get to go to a panel talk with directors and VPs of the movie, have a free screening and a company mixer after work to top it all off... I C U Disney
Brie Larson Cried A Lot At The Gym While Training For 'Captain Marvel' - Forbes pic.twitter.com/ogTS9CLEJ2
holy shit shazam actually looks good. wayyyy better trailer than captain marvel lmaoooooooo
the fact that the straight white men hate captain marvel so bad just guarantees its box office success
Critics applaud Captain Marvel's heroes but not its formulaic approach 
Monica Rambeau was the first female Captain Marvel!
CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS GREAT. FUNNY, EMPOWERING AND BRIE PLAYED CAROL SO WELL I'M- . @captainmarvel @brielarson #CaptainMarvel
I tried, but I think it doesn't look like Captain Marvel suit colours pic.twitter.com/jWeexN0bex
finally get to see captain marvel on the 9th pic.twitter.com/CweYHSl7uN
Well, that is dumb. The only reason I wont watch it is because she is Ms Marvel which was Captain Marvels counterpart. If they did the correct story I would but they wont so I wont. Before arguing this point, make sure to look it up first.
I'm all for women superheros and stuff. But if Captain Marvel comes and makes Thanos a little bitch, i'll be pissed. I've not watched Iron Man and Cap for the best part of 10 years to be made to look weak because of snowflakes. They better be the one dealing with Thanos.
Chelle got a shirt with captain marvel Crest, I got one with her cat, goose
Disney doesn't just want you to see Captain Marvel.. They really want you to see Captain Marvel. 
You mean only MEN are complaining about Captain Marvel? pic.twitter.com/cdPnnlOt4M
TWO DAYS TO CAPTAIN MARVEL HOLY SHIT!!!
I def need to see captain marvel next week
I never really embraced the idea that ignorance is bliss until I started seeing stories of people boycotting Captain Marvel. . I mean, I have a guess in sort of a grand sense about why they are doing it, but knowing absolutely none of the particulars has been fucking delightful
when I have to write that people think brie larson is sexist and racist towards white men in an academic research paper for a grade as the explanation for why theres so much backlash against the captain marvel movie... you know for damn sure that were in a goddamn simulation
Nothing really now. Im hoping to take Taty out to dinner and go see Captain Marvel next Thursday.
The first 15 minutes of Captain Marvel it is revealed that she was the one who cut off John Wayne Bobbits dick off. Way to be subtle about you hating your fans, Disney.
Me muting all the words relating to captain marvel to avoid spoilers before I can see it on Saturday  pic.twitter.com/q4PJfVqQoQ
the real question is do i see captain marvel in whatever this poorly named D-Box experience is gonna provide? Do I live a little and see it in 3D??? I WASNT PREPARED FOR ALL THESE CHOICES pic.twitter.com/dOZQcCLPij
Why are there no Captain Marvel reviews out yet??? Makes me nervous...
+ I love She-Ra its gay as fuck but the artstyle throws me off at times (its better than SU tho like by a long shot). Captain Marvel is RESPECC WOMEN the movie . OP respecc wahman please
Captain marvel
#ComicsReadToday:. Captain Marvel (1968) #4-5 pic.twitter.com/lPecIDFIFa
Reminder: Captain Marvel na sa Wednesday
Cant wait to watch sa captain marvel HAHHAHAHA
Haha it's a shit movie pushing feminist views. Wasn't Captain Marvel  man first?
captain marvel tomorrow
Captain Marvel tickets secured
Brie Larson shines as fearless superhero across galaxies in 'Captain Marvel' #jakpost
Captain Marvel, Im excited!! Cant wait!!
should i go see captain marvel tomorrow or friday
I'M WATCHING THE CAPTAIN MARVEL RED CARPET LIVESTREAM AND THEY SAID THEY'LL BE TALKING TO SOME OF THE CAST OF #AgentsofSHIELD
Thats not Brie Larson. I cant see any clip of her saying less white men should watch Captain Marvel.
Or, OK, that string of takes is a far more constructive way of addressing this than some irony leftist going "you just want to see Captain Marvel because you think it makes you good and progressive".
Explain why a group that was podcasting today just discovered their theaters throughout the UK were only playing Captain Marvel.
Google "captain marvel buying out theaters", it's a thing with how theaters schedule movies and a troll campaign by reddit/4chan users.  All of my local theaters when expanded show every other movie during the day as well.
So captain marvel has only 86% on rotten tomatoes. . I look forward to the rest of the internet making this a thing for the next few weeks/months.
Hi! It's different across different countries. Australia, New Zealand and a few other countries are getting Captain Marvel on the 7th with advanced screenings on the 6th!
i get to see captain marvel in FOUR DAYS. FOUR FUCKING DAYS IM GONNA CRY
Men who are complaining about the Captain Marvel film:. You. Are. The. Problem.
after seeing Captain Marvel my cat sleeps outside
i might or might now watch captain marvel today djksjdk
"The Captain Marvel Conspiracy" another well researched video.  
@Marvel I'm all for promoting Captain Marvel but Thunderbird's are very loud and this is getting VERY annoying.
CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS BEAUTIFUL
excited af for captain marvel
Random thought: . Scrolling down Shazams post: there is a significant/noticeable absence of Only respect for MY cap... or Not my Cap Marvel type comments vs every posts for Captain Marvel.. Was expecting to see toxic MCU fans but only tumbleweeds amongst DC fans praise.
By this time next week I'll have seen Captain Marvel :-) Can't wait :-)
Captain Marvel is coming in the cinema soon which means rather than having 4 or 5 new films, we'll have one film taking up every screen for the next two weeks. Sigh.
New video! We dig into the complicated history of the Captain Marvel character, the origin of the word 'marvel' itself, the history of superhero comic books, & surprising connections to the development of the science of facial expressions and emotions. 
all these grown ass men trolling captain marvel without watching it first and only because the main character is a woman, probably still live in their mothers basement.
these guys in my piano class are talking about how much they hate brie larson and captain marvel :( i hate people so much gn
I was SO WRONG about Captain Marvel - An apology video  via @YouTube
i pray captain marvel does huge numbers.
to my fellow marvel enthusiast :. believe me, I am crazy excited about captain marvel. . but really, I can keep my excitement toned down thanks to #GameofThronesSeason8 trailer. goddamn!!
i really wanted to love captain marvel but it wasnt all that im sorry
Captain marvel advance sales is crazy its close to 90% now lol don creeped up the ranking it could be because the sales for the other movies is too low
#RT @OriginalFunko: RT & follow @OriginalFunko for a chance to win a Funko Shop Exclusive Captain Marvel Dorbz 3-Pack bundle! #CaptainMarvel #FunkoWomenOfPower 
I sensed bad vibes from Rizzy the second they became a typical anti SJW.. Then that whole thing with Brie Larson where they slandered her and made people think she didn't want white men at the Captain Marvel premiere.
White men are hurt over the fact that Brie Larson wants more inclusion and are refusing to see Captain Marvel. Yet, Chris Evans and Mark Ruffalo are both politically active and fight for inclusion, yet no one is boycotting Avengers. Just say you hate women and go.
Checking out at the store and this guy goes oh you get two free tickets to see some new movie when spending over $50 on your cc today! I said what movie? He goes idk like captain something.... UHHH CAPTAIN MARVEL?! Yasssss
Captain marvel: lady with powers . Dmc5: boomer with a chainsaw motorcycle
i just got back home for like, an hour? but now im really really miss every characters in captain marvel. i miss them so much. #CaptainMarvel
I don't have money for Captain Marvel AAAAAAAA
i know this is said ALL of the time but amatw really was underrated and literally NO ONE spoiled anything when it came out unlike avengers: infinity war and captain marvel...
Can't wait to see Captain Marvel on big screen
So ready for @captainmarvel! Ellie is excited to wear her Captain Marvel suit to the movies!  #CaptainMarvel #BrieLarson #Marvel #girlsrule #HigherFurtherFaster #captainmarvelmovie #marvelcomics #GemmaChan #LashanaLynch #CaptainMarvelChallenge #marvelcosplaypic.twitter.com/KowT1fIP1T
Ready for the Captain Marvel opening night shit show (not really)
From the review: "And if it came down to a one-on-one between rival franchise uber warriors Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel, there is no doubt who would inspire the heavy betting.". Are you forgetting WW was DC? If so, I could understand why...
Captain marvel
Rushed for time? Here's what we thought of Captain Marvel in 60 seconds! pic.twitter.com/gk5xEX7bJJ
So I just saw Captain Marvel and you KILLED IT @brielarson  love love love! Definitely gonna see it again... a few times
anyway I am in love with carol danvers and captain marvel is def one of my fav mcu films! (I need more people to gush about this movie to so please tell me when youve watched it, friendos) pic.twitter.com/MZ8dmtM3Gu
I'm entered in this Captain Marvel Premium Format Figure #SideshowGiveaway, are you?
#NW I'm watching Captain Marvel (2019)   #trakt
White conservative college educated with a graduate degree male here who preordered a ticket to see Captain Marvel in IMAX on opening night.  Ill be sure to enjoy the movie and then preorder an IMAX ticket to see Avengers Endgame next month which also has Captain Marvel in it.
4 days till captain marvel pic.twitter.com/UCDjGHiFe1
Someone said Alita is being supported by the same people criticized for not liking captain marvel. You brought up box office numbers refuting that comment. I'm pointing out that the audience scores are high, which come from the "trolls" that didn't want to see captain marvel.
Captain Marvel: Im Kree. Me (a blackfeet): pssss, I can take you!
Reading the Captain Marvel reviews I feel like the critics are torn...they seem to really, really want to kill another Marvel movie for being over the top, clich and typical but they can't.  The negative reviews seem to speak more to Marvel fatigue than a poor film.
Showing na captain marvel
Captain Marvel: Female-led superhero film labelled 'perfunctory' by critics 
Wait wait wait wait wait. Captain Marvel is out this week???????
The trailer for Avengers End Game movie launch after Captain marvel movie..... B coz trailer 2 have some dramatic things , that you don't know...... And it is better than Avengers infinity war trailer 2............
anyone whos watched captain marvel wanna be in a gc to diSCUSS??
And receive her powers from her dying husband who was Captain Marvel.
WE ARE ALL GOING TO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL IN A WEEK, CORRECT????
 Panther (2018) Movie Review! I decided to review Black Panther since Captain Marvel (A New MCU Movie) is coming! #BlackPanther #killmonger #klaw #shuri #wakanda #WakandaForeverpic.twitter.com/yRe02X1DuJ
Critics have review bombed Alita!! How dare you!! So disrespectful to women. Now brethren, rise up as we battle with the mouse next week and review bomb Captain Marvel!!
Its negative reviews cause captain marvel is a man in the comics! It was always Captain Marvel and Mrs Marvel.  Why Can't they just leave our world alone! No got to push thier dam gender bullshit in everything & demasculinized us men to weaken a Nation! We are tired of this shit!
Daredevil. Elektra. The Eric Bana Hulk. Captain Marvel has to be better
Apparently American Eagle gives away tickets for Captain Marvel without even requesting them if you purchase $50 worth of apparel. . That go fund me campaign counts towards ticket sales too.
No.. .they fight for White Men as well... read the message again... you missed an important part . Captain Marvel is not hateful and divisive in any way
I still havent seen the movie (seeing it tonight) but if this is the case- whether I think its great or not so much, Captain Marvel definitely deserves AT LEAST one more chance to wow people. Especially now that we have one movie to introduce her to us. 
captain marvel is getting hella mixed reviews. . it got like an 82% for rotten tomatoes so
US Air Forces Thunderbirds to roar over San Fernando Valley, Pasadena and Hollywood to promote Captain Marvel movie 
CAPTAIN MARVEL has a rough first 20 minutes but I really liked it overall. Its a pretty perfect Saturday afternoon movie. And Ben Mendelsohn should be in everything.
I'M SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL IN 3 DAYS pic.twitter.com/ZD1uOBkRd4
Is it the yellow flash 2 because thats the only one I can think thats been actively attacking vas through his channel and his content is just attacking woman he spent just a little over 10 minutes on the captain marvel super bowl ad that was 30 sec attacking Brie Larson
My husband could careless about Captain Marvel, does not even know it's at the theater or vagina hats said anything about it.
Im watching Captain Marvel on March 10 because my friends and I are too incompetent to plan anything in a timely manner pic.twitter.com/VxOaD08NMX
Same here. Only Captain Marvel.
To be clear this is more about not liking how movies like Wonder Woman and Captain Marvel are marketed, not about the movies themselves, which I hear are good and I totally get why people love them.
March 2019 Movie Preview: 'Captain Marvel,' 'Us,' 'Five Feet Apart' + More 
Nerd websites seem to be warmer to Captain Marvel than mainstream outlets. Thats ... good news, I guess?
I have tickets to see Captain Marvel on Saturday.. I'll let everyone know if she RUINS the MCU, specifically, and all of comics history as a whole.
Lol. I am very pumped for Captain Marvel. I can't wait to go to the movies by myself next Friday morning to enjoy the shit out of it.
i wanna go see captain marvel but like no boys allowed, you know??
I just read the French reviews for Captain Marvel. Wow just wow. Apparently, there is nothing special about this movie.
Why Captain Marvel reviews aren't out yet ?
can my bank acc handle me spending 23 on a ticket for captain marvel pic.twitter.com/r3xBX85UGh
Mi gente favorita yendo a la Premier de Captain Marvel.. I Stan the right people
I want captain marvel merch
1. Captain Marvel's menu arrived early and we took advantage of it  2. We play with the slushes, and you? 3. Enjoy your meal! 4. Chibi Crowley discovered the neapolitan tarallo soaked in beer  pic.twitter.com/XxCAGgHHLF
Captain Marvel is so fucking good!!!. @brielarson. @captainmarvel. #CaptainMarvel
I HAVE VERY GOOD NEWS THAT I CANNOT SHARE AND ALSO I AM GOING TO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL TONIGHT SO I AM SHOUTING AT ALL OF YOU.
when are you seeing captain marvel ?   my mom and eye might see it saturday since i dont work but idk it depends on if she has enough money :(( i rlly want t 
How Brie Larson, classic introvert, became 'Captain Marvel': 'I want to grow' 
People aren't upset about Captain Marvel. They're just upset that Brie Larson is so cunty in real life. 
less than 24 hours till captain marvel pic.twitter.com/bPXGP4P8Jf
Democrats now punishing YouTubers for videos that don't glorify her highness Brie Larson, aka "Captain Marvel."  
@metacritic You bums scored Captain Marvel 66/100? Seriously? Well, ya know what? There will be commercials saying that Captain Marvel is the #1 film! Thank you and Good day, dick holes!
why are smart people I follow indulging in this dumbass culture war shit about captain marvel. this is not a real thing. these trolls are basically bots. move along
Captain Marvel, X Men Dark Phoenix, Avengers End Game
No one watched Ghostbusters, no one wanted the new trilogy when you had Daisy Ridley bailing after Episode IX, Wonder Woman surprisingly good, She-Ra is a meme and Captain Marvel is only being pushed because they're secondaries who don't give a fuck about Carol.
Freaking incels will hold on to anything.... "Captain Marvel is the only movie playing in theaters, wtf!". *completely fails to understand how movie scheduling works*
Ozamiz friends watch ta Captain Marvel tomorrow la
i NEED to see captain marvel in the cinema someone go with me PLEASE
Nah they have a lot of similarities like the whole captain marvel thing with Shazam had to be changed bc of marvel comics but no correlation
Seeing Captain Marvel on Thursday. Stoked
Everyone that announces on Twitter that they are not going to see Captain Marvel because Brie Larson is being an insufferable cunt is doing nothing more than virtue signalling. Change my mind.
@DDayCobra curious to get your thoughts comparing the new Dark Phoenix trailer to the Captain Marvel situation. It was a refreshing change of pace. Are you planning a video? Thanks and keep up the good work.
Is anyone with a normal, non sjw NPC brain surprised about Captain Marvel sucking? I'm sure not
U.S., CAPTAIN MARVEL AND OTHER HOLLY-HITS STORM THEATRES IN MARCH - . Joseph Omoniyi. It seems we are going to witness a. lot of long awaited hollywood movies march in to the theatres in the... - 
While the film is based on the New 52 version of the character, are there any references to past Captain Marvel comics or stories from DC? #AskSHAZAM
It's a weekend. There are new movies...but you might be better off finding other ways to bide your time until Captain Marvel - 
I hope Captain Marvel spends the whole month at #1 at the box office.
I have an alternate title: Sky Captain Marvel and the World of Yesterday
The most-idiotic aspect of this is that the people complaining about Captain Marvel havent seen... 
do you watch Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/Ubbz2mD2O3
I know this Air Force bad a___ mentality is in my team...they must find it just like Captain Marvel does.  I guarantee you our team will be at this movie come opening weekend!! 
I wasnt super excited about seeing Captain Marvel this weekend but knowing that it has a riot girl soundtrack got me super hyped
The only time I hated Carol Danvers post Captain Marvel was in Civil War 2 because she was so out of character. But I guess fanboys like this version because after that event(When they started to fix this) thats when the hate started. 
I gotta say this.. All this salt over Captain Marvel?. Goldie Hawn, Bette Midler, and Diane Keaton made a direct assault on the Toxic Masculines in 1996 in a little film called 'The First Wives Club'.. No one batted an eye or said anything because it was a comedy.. I call bull.
Turns out Black Adam got lost in his way to Shazam and is in Captain Marvel instead. 
Captain Marvel
I had a dream where I checked @RottenTomatoes and Captain Marvel scored an aggregate 58%. If Im right do I become a Rotten Tomatoes prophet?
Deepa Venkat is the voice of Captain Marvel in Tamil. The film will release on March 8, and will also be dubbed in Tamil, among other languages. Deepa Venkat has given the voice over for Bries character #flicomovies #flico #Kollywood #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/gmypvgFtky
And we're all out there giving Captain Marvel terrible reviews as well.
they were never winning though.... captain marvel gon switch the board up 
MOVIE REVIEW: 'Captain Marvel' gets an average introduction 
@SPICinemas . When u will open the normal booking for Captain marvel
Late but Captain Marvel was rly awesooome, I mean I cant believe someone said that it wasnt that good as it was expected, obvs they must have slept during the whole movie to say that
Captain Marvel Drawing!. #marvel #avengers #marvelcomics #mcu #comics #dc #art #captainamerica #captainmarvel #art  #artist#follow #drawing #artwork #photo #illustration #life #sketch #painting . also on instagram too! :. 
Only good things for captain marvel avengers endgame sets up for guardians of the galaxy volume3 its guardians of the galaxy volume3 is my last super hero movie I will see by Disney marvel after guardians of the galaxy volume3 it will have sjw/ pcI will done see super hero movie
Hey local peeps. I've got a ticket to Captain Marvel at the Crossroads Regal Cinema IMAX 2D for 10:15pm on Saturday. I'm in seat F8. Anyone want to join me there is still a bunch of seats left. (Updated to add IMAX and seat F8)
A mini Captain Marvel met the real Captain Marvel in the most adorable way. pic.twitter.com/CGI9KGXSo8
Ive heard all I need to hear about Captain Marvel yesterday, and it sounds absolutely fantastic.
Counting down the minutes (and seconds) until tonight's screening of Captain Marvel. pic.twitter.com/djTXpMITuY
Need to book captain marvel..
1:It wasnt Captain Marvel flirting with social justice. It was Brie Larson.. 2:. Opposing opinions does not=bitching. . 3:implying racism to win debates is intellectually lazy and dishonest.
way too excited to see captain marvel this weekend  pic.twitter.com/ntBjE4qEKK
Oh this is gonna be ten times worse then captain marvel . COMIC CON THIS YEAR IS FINNA BE LIT!
I have a lady crush on Captain Marvel. She looks so badass and impressive.
i want to watch captain marvel again like right now djdbd
Captain Marvel, 2019 pic.twitter.com/ouANwbfn7v
Jen Bartel Reveals CAPTAIN MARVEL ADIDAS & We Need A Pair Immediately 
i am so excited to dress up as captain marvel next weekend yall have no idea
"'Captain Marvel' goes higher, further, faster in its world premiere" via Mashable! 
I thought his friend was gonna say "His name is Captain Marvel!" but of course they can't do that for obvious reasons. #Shazam
I have two settings: Captain Amelia or Captain Marvel. Take your pick.
Be They From Captain Marvel Or Crooked Hillary, Ill Catch Your Tears To Fill My Cup...8D.   #OrangeDudeLMAO  pic.twitter.com/mOaVZzv7iq
also seeing captain marvel tmrw  I was supposed to see it today but I was busy
Carol has been around since 1968. (She's been a super-powered character since 1977.) She's been Captain Marvel since 2012...
Nooooo it should be everybody's new favorite character now  Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/azXwf9wTtX
So..I watched Captain Marvel yesterday and I think it's a GREAT film. I specifically loved the representation of its Black female characters, played by Lashana Lynch and Akira Akbar. Strong representations that have the potential to empower young Black girls. pic.twitter.com/CiFbEjtron
These Captain Marvel reviews are not the kindest. Yikes!
My Captain Marvel lenticular 3D poster looks like a shrine.. She is a hero after all! pic.twitter.com/LfutQvD0sO
I know nothing about this new version of Captain Marvel (Billy Batson's my boy), but I'm excited to see it some day soon anyway. I hope it's good.
It does look awesome. Looking forward to Captain Marvel as well.
Captain Marvel is set before Endgame soooo its ok Im not gonna spoil it
Just not Captain Marvel.. Although Wonder Woman should've proven this already, considering the box office results for that movie.
So many white wahmen bitching about men reviewing Captain Marvel.
Most people criticizing this stuff arent doing so because theyre women. Ghostbusters 2016 was unoriginal garbage, Rey is a boring Mary Sue, and Captain Marvel is being depicted by Larson as anti-male (plus it looks boring). Wonder-Woman and She-Ra are decent IMO.
anyway..... Kids.... i see captain marvel tomorrow
The whole captain marvel thing is funny. She said she wants more room for a more diverse group and marvel fanboys started saying she hates white men.
Stop by this weekend, secure your tickets for Thursday's show! And, while you're here, grab a Captain Marvel popcorn tin! We'll fill it up when you buy it, and when you bring it back to see Captain Marvel! pic.twitter.com/JU7nVWTf7i
I can't wait for Captain Marvel to do amazing
white men need to SHUT UP. why are they always hating on something that doesnt involve their ugly asses? first black panther and now captain marvel, well guess what dave? people of colour and women have and will always exist so your hate towards us is pointless and ridiculous.
Iron Man, Guardians of the Galaxy, & Thor: Ragnarok. Fingers crossed that Captain Marvel takes one of those spots.
It took me all afternoon but Im finished! . I bought a new denim jacket and painted the back! I cant wait to wear this on Friday!!!! . IM SO EXCITED FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL!!! .  @captainmarvel @brielarson @CaptMarvelNewspic.twitter.com/EeZWpU8gXS
One could say that my interest in DCs Captain Marvel is much higher than that of Marvels Captain Marvel.
pretty excited to see captain marvel. let's see how it goes
Incase you missed top tier Colossus and Thanos action against Uncollected Nick Fury and Captain Marvel, it's now available on demand!! @MarvelChampions. 
Captain Marvel meets Buzz Lightyear
Watch Brie Larson and an 8-year-old girl bond at 'Captain Marvel' premier: 
Captain Marvel
Captain Marvel combines the best parts of the Marvel Cinematic Universe with a strong grounded female superhero, a great sense of humour and 90s music, I mean what more could you want? Check out my review below!  #FilmTwitter #CaptainMarvel #MCU #Marvel
I cant believe Captain Marvel comes out in a week I-
CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS SUCH A GOOD MOVIE
i'm so excited to see anna and gracie and watch captain marvel and get insomnia cookies
Hopefully she get a spot on the captain marvel 
Only 5 more days until @captainmarvel arrives at a theater near you. We are ready! Go here to watch the featurette and learn more about Captain Marvel. I think Thanos needs to watch his back. . Drive Safe!  
So Captain Marvel is a homicidal maniac? Thats how you want to play it?
Captain marvel
I need to watch captain marvel
this is why captain marvel is so important pic.twitter.com/AQt5jzBFnk
I'm not ready to watch Captain Marvel. Not ready to see Stan Lee's cameo.
Hell to da fuck yea!!!! I wouldnt be surprised if the idea is being tossed around pending the outcome of Captain Marvel!
"Kicks ass" or "disappointing"? Read the mixed Captain Marvel reviews  
anyway I cant wait to see Captain Marvel
The original Captain Marvel, of comic book fame, gets a reboot with a Portland writer  
Stop unfollowing me pls I need money to go see Captain Marvel next Saturday
Ripley had character. There are many other female lead characters that don't need forced politics to stand on their own. If all Captain Marvel has to offer is being a strong independent woman that don't need no man she might as well being lead in the Tyler Perry movie.
Also, HAPPY CAPTAIN MARVEL EVE  pic.twitter.com/Q7duFvRMnJ
The worst thing Captain Marvel might be is a mid Marvel movie and people acting like 1) we ain't had plenty if those and 2) they ain't saw them anyway.. I'm just real suspect why here in paticular is where you wanna draw the line in the sand.
Seeing Captain Marvel Friday night
Captain Marvel blowing huge bombshell of female representation 
Lamarr Wilson: I went to the Captain Marvel Movie Premiere... 
there's soo many captain marvel posters in this shopping center..i love that
they actually do have a black and asian woman playing leading roles in captain marvel (gemma chan as doctor minerva and lashana lynch as maria rambeau) but i get you and im down for a monica rambeau solo film
5 days til captain marvel,,,, y'all I'm not okay
now that it's almost the release date for Captain Marvel, i'm scrambling desperately to remember what i was going to live for after that.
I guess I must be considered lucky I dont know all of that because that political movie stuff sounds exhausting to keep up with. I mean I get things like what happened with ghostbusters 2015 but Im not getting the same feel from captain marvel.
hey can everyone stop fucking reviewing captain marvel? it's not out yet. you and your fancy critics' passes or whatever. fuck off. tell me what you liked and hated on Saturday. come the FUCK on.
I'm literally about to see Captain Marvel in a few hours... I'm gonna cry
@EthanVanSciver Have you seen the latest Captain Marvel conspiracy?  Theaters are only selling advance tickets for this movie on Thurs/Fri/Sat.  #BoycottCaptainMarvel
i'm gonna be ia until i watch captain marvel as an extra precaution to avoid spoilers
I didnt even know Captain Marvel wasnt out yet Ive heard so much buzz about it!   #CaptainMarvel
No...thats the original Captain Marvel who I grew up reading in the comic books. Several comic book companies owned it before DC then ultimately Marvel comics. Billy Bateson would tell out SHAZAM and he would change into Capt. Marvel. Huge clusterfk.. 
I work at a movie theater, an AMC specifically, and most likely, theaters just haven't updated their schedule for this weekend yet. All they have available currently are the Captain Marvel pre-sale shows which go up weeks in advance.
So I looked at my local thatres and yeah it looks like only Captain Marvel is showing for the weekend and a few days after. Which. I mean my excitement doesn't go THAT far, guys
And where did I say that Captain Marvel / Rey criticism was due to sexism? There are certainly sexists in the community who have lambasted both but I've never stated that it invalidates genuine criticism of them.
@AMCTheatres @HarkinsTheatres @Fandango @Disney @MarvelStudios why are you all forcing everyone to see captain marvel is they want to buy tickets for after 3/8 to go to a movie? Not everyone wants to see that movie. Why aren't we afforded choices?
And unlike Carol Danvers Captain Marvel, Elektra was a popular as a character in the books with her own strong run of comics with her namesake.  She is still liked despite that 2005 movie.. Captain Marvel has yet to be successful as a comic and now as a film ....
Black Widow has been part of the universe since Iron man 2 but Captain Marvel apparently deserves a movie first. Weird you'd focus on saying it must be men not liking whamen in their movies and not complaining an actress whose already part of the universe getting sidelined again.
Captain Marvel should have been gay you cant convince me she's just her "bestfriend" and that's a fact.
Captain Marvel video out this week maybe??? pic.twitter.com/TyexPbErjV
I was never really into he-man so I dont care about She-ra, but I do like the bubbly and simple art style. Also, I dont think captain marvel will amount to the same hype level as infinity war did, BUT I do think it will be good.
Join The TOPCON POP EXPO TEAM as we go to the Movies for the opening of CAPTAIN MARVEL!. Register To WIN TOPCON POP EXPO TICKETS.. PLAY Trivia and WIN SWAG.. FREE CANDY for Kids.. Get VALUABLE COUPONS for Discounts on... 
One week is when captain marvel comes out
captain marvel doesn't teach little girls to hate men whatsoever but if it did, i mean, she's not wrong
ugh same and they asked me to come in for the captain marvel showing even though i was off
Dark phoenix, Captain Marvel AND Endgame? @Marvel not giving us a break
I kinda wanna go see Captain Marvel with a bunch of ladies during SXSW at Alamo and then have fun boozy discourse after! Whose with me?
We've acquired tickets for Captain Marvel. Very excited!
This is prove of hate, lack of care, poor handeling on the overall IP of Star Wars. As they are giving priority to help Captain Marvel in it's current strugle to get to projected numbers in the box office, in some weird form of Film-intersectionality...
I've seen enough Annette Bening interviews (there is only a handful) to get pumped for Captain Marvel.. She's my foremost motivation to watch the movie.. Second would be just to being able to correlate the whole Thanos situation.
Review: Captain Marvel 
The theater by me in Santa Monica has been very full when Ive tried to get tickets to other movies, but just about every seat is available for opening weekend for Captain Marvel. I hope it doesnt tank.
Very sad you have to include other movies when reviewing Captain Marvel, shows the impact BvS still has on simple minds. 
once i see captain marvel its over for me
seeing captain marvel on Thursday pic.twitter.com/MdGzU82tlp
And Captain Marvel and Game of Thrones!
Captain Marvel 
Captain Marvel in 5 days!!!! #CaptainMarvel
Oh, Captain Marvel, my Captain Marvel. @brielarson @captainmarvelofficial @marvel #captainmarvel #higherfurtherfaster #funkopop 
I have to see captain marvel !
You put black panther in the same sentence as ghostbuster and captain marvel... why? It didn't give the SJW vibe at all imo
Brie Larson's 'Captain Marvel' training included how to make a cool face 
Expectation subversion for Avengers End Game:. Nick Fury activated a protocol to summon Captain Marvel but turns out she was in the half that vanished so she doesnt appear at all.
sneaking suspicion that captain marvel isnt super good but tbh nothing has rlly reached catws so theres that
CAPTAIN MARVEL picture comparison to PULP FICTION goes viral:. 
Reviewed: Captain Marvel represents the ladies of Marvel with power and spirit #MovieReview #SpoilerFree #CaptainMarvel #MarvelStudios #Trailer. Get the details here:  
Lots of people asked for a Captain Marvel movie, and lots of people were disappointed when it kept getting put further back in the running order.  Who the Hell asked for Ant-Man?
Im laughing because I have no desire to see captain marvel but my dad is like HeY U WANNa Go SEe CApTAIN MARVeL!!!!!?????
You know they are shills when they use the Captain Marvel crap in their names.
'Captain Marvel' flies into Marvel's elevated expectations.  
Though theirs is typically smarter than the dumb Marvel + Yakult marketing Ant-Man and Dr. Strange had.. Or the bazaar captain Marvel car rental ones Ive seen recently...
5 DAYS TIL CAPTAIN MARVEL
Captain Marvel is the first film in the MCU to focus on a female lead, and it drops with #FIFAWWC on the horizon. . So @espn gives us a tie-in piece about leadership thats 66% Super Peen. Because patriarchy. pic.twitter.com/BiTXhapyAz
In the comments on every post about Captain Marvel since the review embargo listed: Men complaining that Brie Larson called them out for the exact thing they're doing.
How are we getting a Captain Marvel movie before a Rogue movie. Hollywood is a joke
i hope 90% of all movie leads are women for the next 30 years. die mad about it. (also, FYI-- Wonderwoman, Captain Marvel, and Rey are all their own characters who have their own comics so maybe look up the definition of stealing while youre at it)
Captain Marvel today. Bye twitter (too busy to check anw)
Taraaa nood Captain Marvel
In another more sane universe, we would all be getting the Captain Marvel Disney Infinity figure this week. #CaptainMarvel #DisneyInfinitypic.twitter.com/K1l6oFXnC0
I have no idea what the plot of captain marvel is
I've got no excitement for captain marvel at all
Captain Marvels mixed reviews even by critics is actually exactly what I expected
No matter how great Captain Marvel's going to be, its going to always be marred and remembered for this controversy Brie got caught up in. This is just weird. Even Black Panther for the most part did great with pretty much barely any contention. pic.twitter.com/qieZ3M8slG
You saw Captain Marvel??
Selling tickets for Captain Marvel block screening this March 6 WED | 7pm | @/Trinoma . Dm me for details! Might offer a discount, 5 tickets left pic.twitter.com/RFl0nK2m1A
Hi gaaab just wanted u to know na ang strong mooo xoxo  ganto talaga tayong Marvel x Justice League's girls. malakas kasi may Wonder Woman at Captain Marvel hehe 
This comment thread is priceless. These libtards think Captain Marvel is going to do well, despite them reducing their box office predictions twice already . 180M -> 140M -> 100M (today)
In Captain Marvel, the skrulls are not the bad guys. They are just fighting for a home. The guy Captain Marvel trains with at the start is. There is a cat thats not a cat as well which is the reason Nick Fury wears an eyepatch. #CaptainMarvel #Marvel
Let's cross our fingers and hope we get the cut that kills of Captain Marvel early on. 
Remember when people thought that a female-lead superhero film would be bad? Theyre wrong. The film is definitely worth the watch. Brie Larson fits perfectly for the role of both Carol Danvers and Captain Marvel.
Guess what movie I will never be paying to see.. "Brie Larson touts 'intersectional feminism' theme in 'Captain Marvel' 'because it's 2019'". #SayNoToCaptainMarvel
So Captain Marvel was pretty good! She was super likable and look forward to her interacting with the other members of the Avengers. It did feel a bit phase 1 marvel film at times but I enjoyed it. 7/10 for me. Really makes me hyped for Avengers 4, but shes a tad too powerful.
It's not really possible for it to bomb. If you're going to the theater this weekend, you have to watch captain marvel. It's your only choice.
They really could have put Melinda May in Captain Marvel because @MingNa clearly has not aged since 1995
oof when i tell u it was worth it for a medium sized pouch? it was worth every cent  just to get a captain marvel pouch. im such a whore for my captain.
March 6! Is CAPTAIN MARVEL!
Wonder how much astroturfing was involved in Ghostbusters & Captain Marvel. I can rattle off loads of female-led films no one cried about but those needed to make lots of money for their studios... Pay some cash to get people to argue about the movies (from both sides) = profit
king t'challa and miss carol danvers aka captain marvel pic.twitter.com/oGPGys8QAs
The overwhelming positive reviews of Captain Marvel have little to say about the movie and more about the existence of the the movie.. Sounds like the movie version of a veggie burger. No meat but the people who love veggies think you should be satisfied.
You'd think Meryl Streep was playing Captain Marvel.
Comic fanboys hating on captain marvel I have to laugh
What's social justice about Captain Marvel?
Captain Marvel Comics Reading Order - Den of Geek US 
I really think all white men should boycott Captain Marvel that would shut a lot of them up really fast . lol Hey I will do my part.
Captain Marvel seems like another kids movie like Shazam
I would NEVER look online to see a leaked version of the Captain Marvel post-credit scene.... However... if I were someone who clicked a bunch of dead links until one worked I'd probably say I'm AMPED to see Captain Marvel more now and ENDGAME can't come quickly enough.
Nana Mizuki is voicing Captain Marvel for the Japanese dub! Now I've got to see it! # #CaptainMarvel. 
This doesn't say Captain Marvel is the first Avenger. It just says before the Avengers. Because, ya know, she was a hero in the 90's before the Avengers formed in 2012. Reading is fundamental, my dude.
captain marvel comes out tomorrow here and guess who is not seeing it bc i have a test on friday
Just noticed that Captain Marvel seems to be the only movie playing Friday-Sunday in most major Theaters. Hope it does better than Ant-Man.
these negative captain marvel reviews.... pic.twitter.com/WvQ6eJPYTi
Captain Marvel was lit! Just sayin hehe.
got my captain marvel tickets I am READY
captain marvel is gonna kick ass and i cant wait to fall more in love with brie larson
Marvel fandom whenever a white man tries to say something about Captain Marvel 
Not everything about Captain Marvel is good.. 
3 DAYS!!! Captain Marvel Marvel Marvel Studios  #CaptainMarvel #Marvel
Done captain marvel.   pic.twitter.com/O5feuznx9b
Attacking one woman over another or comparing them in regards to whose feminism is 'more valid' than the others just skewers the argument these ladies are trying to make, which is that there is room and a need for women like Alita and Captain Marvel.
I am sure you'll do a video on your "Captain Marvel" experience.  Don't forget about the Alita vs Capt. Marvel video as well.
dragging kaayo ang Captain Marvel  still love Brie Larson tho
Ive always liked the Captain Marvel character, so I will still go. But there is no shortage of seats to choose from. This is Friday at 7:00 p.m.. Normally a sellout time for the first day of a Marvel superhero film pic.twitter.com/SaZIkiKvvt
Why I will not be seeing Captain Marvel  Did my best to cover everything as professionally as I could but it's hard to keep your cool when dealing with SJW Feminists. Thnx @GeeksGamersCom and @thatstarwarsgrl who provided most of the info on their channels
I think Captain Marvel should smile more. She should smile throughout the whole movie. And they should call her something like the Smiler or the Joker and she can say things like lets put a smile on that face. Maybe even a fight against Batman would be nice to throw in too
As if another reason was needed to dislike captain marvel 
Captain Marvel may be the newest superhero to appear in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, but her solo film reveals that she was fighting bad guys decades before the Avengers ever assembled 
I literally on fire just like Captain Marvel did pic.twitter.com/qDa245Dnme
next friday is gonna be a GOOD day plus im seeing captain marvel too, love that for me pic.twitter.com/6ItjaybrER
Captain Marvel is an aimless superhero slog  #entertainment
Update: my local theater has just updated its schedule.. As suspected, they're NOT only showing Captain Marvel for the entire week.
Captain Marvel is a solid MCU Movie, its good it's not great. Brie Larson is awesome, and Ben Mendelson is the gift that keeps on giving. His Talos character stole the show for me especially when he's in Skrull form and gets to use his natural accent it's amazing.#CaptainMarvel
i wanna go see captain marvel w/ ppl i love and spend about 25 on candy
@TheCWOfficial then do you think there will be someone else playing Captain Mar-Vel? And there must be a fight between Captain Marveland Yon Rogg. But I still think that the leak from Marvel Future Fight will happen in the Movie
Im leaving for India this week. If anyone ruins Captain Marvel on here...I swear to God.
Captain Marvel Discovery Zone! pic.twitter.com/7Ji797ohnM
nothing but respect for my captain marvel!!!!!!  
Is that captain marvel lady taking prozac she looks sleepy
So Does Captain Marvel retcon the MCU?. In Avengers Fury says they learned that "we weren't alone" and are "hopelessly outgunned" because of Thor.
Hey, right wing idiots complaining about Brie Larson and Captain Marvel, and pitting it up against Alita. How do you feel about this? . 
Hey Captain Marvel comes out fri- DEVIL MAY CRY 5 COMES OUT FRIDAY HOLY SHIT IT'S HAPPENING
captain marvel gives me anxiety
Im excited to see Captain Marvel has a woman composer! Along w/more females directors, there should be a push for more female composers. How difficult would it be: female lead=female director=female composer? Im not holding out hope for Oscar noms, theyre never representative.
i meant AntMan and Wasp was much better than mediocre.. Captain Marvel will be seen by me only with 'virtual' dollars.
HOLY FUCK BUKAS NA YUNG CAPTAIN MARVEL TANGINAAAAAAAAA SABI KO FIRST SHOW AKO EEEEEE FUCCCCCKKKK I NEED TO WATCH ITTT
Water Cooler: Captain Marvel, Furie, Iron Man 2, The Day of the Dolphin, Pet Sematary, Die, Dune, My Dinner with Andre, Magic is Dead & More 
all this hate for captain marvel definitely reeks of 40 year old men, that live in their moms basement, and permanently have cheeto cheese stained on their fingers
A mini Captain Marvel met the real Captain Marvel in the most adorable way. pic.twitter.com/x70HLl6Ta3
ok so who is coming with me to see captain marvel next friday? . and by who i mean girls only and by captain marvel i mean galactic brie larson whos gonna save everyones ass in avengers: endgame
Leftists on Twitter and Tumblr are all likeCaptain Marvel is a military recruitment propaganda movie!... 
Wait which Captain Marvel the DC one or the Marvel Mavel?
'Captain Marvel' star Brie Larson wants to be a jedi, 'Star Wars' responds - Alternative Press 
If you havent already bought your tickets to captain marvel wyd????
Captain Marvel has been marketed as a film that caters to toxic, narcissistic feminists. We all know that feminists are vain, stupid, hungry for power and want to give you long speeches about their plans. In other words, it's a movie for villains.   
The men melting down about Captain Marvel are just upset @brielarson can push a 5000 lb car and they cant
I bet Captain Marvel will be nominated for VFx
captain marvel is coming out tomorrow<3333
Fu*k everyone who posts post credit scene of Captain Marvel without the spoiler warnings
No refunds for captain marvel movie pre-order tickets~ 
Captain Marvel because they've "safely disposed" of watercress in a drink, and hungry. Time to check
The first captain marvel review is described as Cold, Disappointment and Unworthy.. Its time to celebrate everyone! pic.twitter.com/N7F81wwl9X
Captain Marvel comes out in theaters on March 8th and we have a great display up, now with buttons made in-store! Come grab some of these cool pins for only $1 a piece and show your love for Earth's Mightiest Hero! 
Yeah I need the captain marvel movie like yesterday to see her in action please and thank you 
I won't be able to see captain marvel for another few weeks so I'm praying it'll still be in cinema then
Hi! The bookings for Captain Marvel will open shortly. Till then please stay tuned to our app/website. -Siddhant
Oh, then I agree.. My bet is that whatever the MCU creatives turn Captain Marvel into will be adapted into the comics and all the previous versions will be quietly swept under the rug. Sort of like what they did with Millar's Wanted (ugh).
Brie Larson had to learn how to make a 'cool face' as Captain Marvel 
This Captain Marvel better be fire
Captain Marvel
Check out this awesome 'Captain Marvel' design on @TeePublic!  #brielarson #captainmarvel #captainmarveltees
I rated Captain Marvel (2019) 7/10  #IMDb
Beauty can be dangerous. It's your time one and only Captain Marvel
day 29 | 4 more days till captain marvel, sooooo so soon! pic.twitter.com/oqhvRl1K2I
WAIT THATS CAPTAIN MARVEL, ITS ROGERS
News sites make up shit all the time, like the whole "white males hate Captain Marvel because she's a woman! (even though they didn't say anything about Wonder Woman and Alita) tripe". This is a snapshot of what people saw when it was actually happening.
If you want to talk about ancient systems of oppression  your enemy is Arabs, not ppl who think Captain Marvel looks stupid
@Linkara19 #! watching rooster teeth podcast 534 @ZacharyLevi talks about how Elvis was inspired by Shazam and Captain Marvel Junior and his cape design is inspired by Shazam and Captain Marvel Junior's cape
These guys are so desperate to create a narrative that justifies their delusional thinking. The fact is, Marvel and Disney are very encouraged by tracking and Captain Marvel is the future even if the movie doesn't do well (but it will, it will do MONSTER business).
Getting ready to see Captain Marvel thanks to my beautiful wife getting free tickets working at Hertz. #hertzheroes @ Regal Cinemas Gulf Coast 16 & IMAX 
Did instagram just spoiled me the captain marvel post credit scene If it was actually what I saw im gonna be so pissed off i pic.twitter.com/VmOCTgcm4O
Grimes in Givenchy Haute Couture @ 'Captain Marvel' LA Premiere #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/OX2U0UzTVB
should men who review the captain marvel movie have rights? (no)
Captain Marvel reviews are coming out, and its mixed so far. Some are saying its one of the best MCU movies and others are calling it underwhelming. pic.twitter.com/zmxM7F0IFM
Devil May Cry 5 >>>>>>>> Captain Marvel
I'm gonna skip watching Captain Marvel
Only good things for captain marvel and avengers endgame for it sets up for guardians of the galaxy volume 3 I hope guardians of the galaxy volume 3 has no sjw/ cp please Disney and marvel for me and fans and for Christ Pratt the actor.
Wait why am I not allowed to watch captain marvel?
If Captain Marvel dont do big numbers like they expect they gonna write a thousand think pieces on how we hate women
Because while I love Wonder Woman, Im a Marvel comics diehard. I need my Captain Marvel.. People who dont read comic books will never understand.
**Translation**. Captain Marvel is a boring movie that's not worth your time and money, but there's a woman in it so go see this future Oscar nominated film. 
Brie Larson had to learn how to make a 'cool face' as Captain Marvel 
3 days till Captain Marvel . 50 days till End Game!!
Captain Marvel's stuff is worse purely because there already was lots of hate on the comics version. Shit like calling her a man for not being sexy enough for them, & the usual "shoving SJW agenda blah blah" stuff. That all carried over to the movie when promotion for it started.
What Im getting at is, there was always going to be a segment of people pissed off at Captain Marvel just for being a female led movie. And there was always going to be a segment of people on the other side of the aisle pissed off at the first group for being pissed off.
3 days until I see Captain Marvel hopefully
Wonder Woman as a character is well more established and known compared to Captain Marvel. Also female leads didnt just didnt start with Superhero films Sigourney Weaver from Aliens? Jamie Lee Curtis from Halloween?
Just skip Captain Marvel let's get to End Game.
Black Widow led "Agents of SHIELD" film with Ghost, Hawkeye, Mockingbird and someone else on the roster. Captain Marvel 2 having Monica and Kamala. Jean leading the X-Men in their debut with Storm on the roster. Scarlet Witch film
I am ALREADY getting emotional about captain marvel but I havent even seen it yet #woof
Well Carol preceded Monica as a creation, but it is correct Monica was Captain Marvel well before Carol was.
@ManaByte do you know when captain marvel's embargo ends?
Imagine how insufferable the world would be if everybody felt the need to loudly and repeatedly proclaim theyre not going to see a movie like these nerds going on and on about Captain Marvel.
Im seeing the same thing. From the 7th to the 10th, only 3D and 2D Captain Marvel listed at local theaters on IMDB.
Am just saying that the high handed tactics applied by Marvel for this particular movie and Brie Larson's recent statements spell disaster.. It's also rumored that Marvel Studios has two cuts of Endgame depending on how well Captain Marvel will be received.
I voted for #TeamCaptainMarvel on @TyltEntCaptain Marvel is more powerful than Superman 
Wtf why is this movie havin such a shit show, y'all remember Wonder Women? What's the deal with Captain Marvel?
I'm seeing captain marvel tomorrow!!!!! pic.twitter.com/xAD9ocvngs
"All the action from the Captain Marvel world premiere"  
#IgnitionDRIVE @MrKerryMartin  i want tiko and see Captain Marvel powers they might help me open duka @deejayblessing @mikewachira @ItsKwambox This ladies are serious.
ITS CAPTAIN MARVEL WEEK!!!!
Captain Marvel and International women's Day on the same day means a very packed day for me and I'm ready
Marvel Studios has produced FOURTEEN films featuring a solo titular male superhero and yall are bitching about Captain Marvel??
i lowkey hope tom will tweet or like something about captain marvel on friday
U.S. box office has lowest February sales in 17 years, but here comes Captain Marvel 
Higher. Further. Faster. No seriously, FASTER!! Its gotta open soon! Captain Marvel meet & greet location (probably the most bad ass one done yet) is taking shape! 
I was meant to be watching Dr Strange tonight for R2E but Katie said we could watch it this weekend and honestly Im tempted to watch Infinity War instead cause its Captain Marvel tomorrow and that feels more linked?
Captain marvel en 3D 4DX
The president of Rotten Tomatoes wants people to believe that Disney had nothing to do with his decision to yank the Want to See feature as scores for Captain Marvel were tanking. What he neglected to mention was his many years of employment at Disney. 
A lot of hate on Captain Marvel. All just to look cool. Interesting.
Accept it and get 2 tickets to see captain Marvel
New Captain Marvel inspired designs available NOW!!!! Link in the bio!! #captainmarvel #marvelartwork #marvel #comics #redbubble #caroldanvers @ S.H.I.E.L.D Headquarters 
Why are people bitching about captain marvel now? Its been known that shes A. One of the most powerful heroes and B. That shes a woman since she was first created in fucking 1968.. Shes been around the same time as my fuckin mom and NOW you wanna bitch about it smh
"Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car"  
me and @sevetseycaj are seeing captain marvel next weekend and we are STOKED
I'm knocking on the door of 49, and I already have my "Captain Marvel" tickets.
Congratulations Beautiful, powerful and famous. Great job I can't wait to take my 16-year-old son to see Captain Marvel when it comes out on the 8th on his Birthday.
1 WEEK TILL CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!
i made this keychain of brie larson at the captain marvel premiere  pic.twitter.com/tsa8VXO8vi
dude I just realised Captain Marvel drops this week. how the fuck is it march . WAIT IS AVENGERS NEXT MONTH?!? . IT'S ALMOST CHRISTMAS. FUCK I WISH I HAD DONE MORE WITH MY 20'S
There's a flyover today but no Captain Marvel
THAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANK GOD MY MOM IS A CAPTAIN MARVEL FAN
Plus, Captain Marvel's whole PR routine kinda sucks.. And there's more movies in the world with female leads than just Wonder Woman; Alita, AvP, Underworld, Titanic (mostly looked over), GitS and The Grudge, to name a few.
I'm going to go see Captain Marvel on Saturday pic.twitter.com/OeIyG4sAnu
I'm happy for Captain Marvel, but my only remotely major qualm with this movie is that I'd have preferred it be Nova, just because I like his attitude in the comics.
Thursday is gonna be a long ass day! Work 5:45-3 at job 1 then 5-9 at job 2 and then the midnight screening of captain marvel, Friday I will be tired  #CaptainMarvel
I'm a woman and don't need anyone to 'cut me some slack' or offer blind encouragement and support. There are a lot of strong female leads, and strong female superheroes.  Captain Marvel isn't the first and doesn't even seem like the best so far.
Whats neat about Alita is that its just a film and doesnt feel like an advertisement for those things. Even though Im looking forward to Captain Marvel, it feels like the reverse.
Captain marvel  
'Captain Marvel' will give the box office a big boost after a miserable start to 2019  here's how much money experts predict it will make 
Captain marvel 8/10 but lot of funny plot twist
DAMMIT I WAS PLANNING ON WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL THIS WEEKEND BUT I CANT FCKING WAIT ANYMORE
Can I just make the statement now that if Captain Marvel ends with Carol getting Nick's page I will DIE.
oohh i love this one, captain marvel symbol  
I FOUND THE TARGET CAPTAIN MARVEL I N  S T O R E !!!!! DJDJFJAKALDKDKAK
It's kinda sad RT was so scared it would hurt Captain Marvel's box office that it changed its score system. :/
Captain Marvel - 06/03/2019 
If Captain Marvel does tank at the box office, it wouldn't destroy Marvel permanently, a studio with a massively impressive track record. It's just like what Solo did to Star Wars.
Guess whos going to watch captain marvel alone
What theaters are people going to for Captain Marvel? Asking so I can go to a different one. All Marvel mode. I aint there to talk. Might even go drive in.
CAPTAIN MARVEL POSTers OF BRUE AND JUDE AT FRIENXH BUS STATIONS
Why didn't Captain Marvel's jacket burn up? Hmmmm.
ill be watching captain marvel in two days and i cant believe it. im so excited!!
When will captain marvel movie tickets be available ?!
helloooo I'm seeing captain marvel tomorrow night
the only negative captain marvel reviews are from white dudes so... not trusting those!
Looking forward this March ; Captain Marvel, Eerie, at Neomanila <3
Hey @Disney, there are only two days left in the release of Captain Marvel. I am from Pakistan, I have checked all the cinemas there is no sign of release. can you please let us know whether Captain Marvel will release in Pakistan or not?
Captain Marvel is everything-in-1 starter pack of disaster. pic.twitter.com/bZPqR9RFP2
True, but Brie Larson herself unnecessarily politicized captain marvel. Bear that in mind
d. Captain Marvel is just another brick is the gigantic wall Marvel Studio is building, it should be enjoyed as such.
Have fun watching Harden drop 50+ again . Dude is scoring at a rate we haven't seen since prime Kobe. It's honestly insane at times. But yeah, I wouldn't worry too much about Captain Marvel spoilers...but when Avengers comes out..you're gonna have to see that one on Thursday
Mainly going to see Captain Marvel opening day for Gemma Chan and Jude Law so
Not my captain marvel
Captain Marvels always been a woman, you mean Mar-Vell
3 more days til captain marvel!!!
I haven't seen Alita but I want to, I just wish people would stop trying to use it to try and bash Captain Marvel. They can't even say it is better because CM hasn't even come out yet.
#ColliderMovieTalk In honor of Captain Marvel, what character embodies the values and strength that you seek to emulate?
WAIT I FORGOT IM SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL THIS WEEKEND SKJSJSNSBDHS
I was trying to think where I saw the Captain Marvel poster before ... then I remembered  pic.twitter.com/yXmEoUKuRG
Im pretty sure they were interested in Alita when it came out as well but they wanna see Captain Marvel as well. Most people dont care about the politics but just wanna see the movie
IM SO EXCITED FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL
I was lucky enough to attend a sneak peek of Captain Marvel last night and let me say it left me speechless... it was freaking amazing and those graphics were insane, and it had some of 
i went to see my lecturer two days ago and he has this little marvel figurines on his shelf so i asked him if hes into marvel and he got all excited and told me that hes so excited for captain marvel and hes not coming to uni on friday bcs hes  captain marvel
Why am I going to see Captain Marvel? The movie has got Ben Mendelsohn in it. pic.twitter.com/zEvPxCHjap
I like how Brie Lawson wants more jobs for black women while in the comics captain marvel was originally black white are you taking part in white washing Brie
I really am looking forward to captain marvel. hope it thrives x
Captain marvel  was everything and more than i expected! what an incredible movie! it gave me major girl power vibes #CaptainMarvel
What do you expect from someone whose name is Volatile Mermaid. The amount of shit these people lob at men and then wonder why men don't talk about shit, is insane. I sincerely hope Captain Marvel bombs, it does not have any of the skill or awesomeness Wonder Woman had.
I got that feeling from the trailer.  . Cosmic Book News: First Captain Marvel Review: Cold, Disappointment, Unworthy..  via @GoogleNews
are people seriously bashing captain marvel because its formulaic? the fucking lack of self awareness i s2g
My reaction after watching Captain Marvel. pic.twitter.com/p0RmFDung7
He can't because Captain Marvel was actually pretty bad.
How can Captain Marvel be before Captain America, the first avenger? Her appearance is known in the 90s therefore the ad is wrong and you are wrong
Not to sure what to think about cinemas ONLY playing captain marvel on Friday, really shows how much power Disney has.
Captain Marvel now showing!!!
Them: "On my second viewing of Captain Marvel, I will do the same with a little girl.". Chris: "Why dont you take a seat right over there?"
i don't even like superhero movies, but i'll go see captain marvel just to piss you and other chud crybabies off 
Someone watch Captain Marvel with me
1 WEEK UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL!!! pic.twitter.com/RE5mfFTk6p
sooooooooooooo the 8th of march marvel and capcom will release captain marvel and DMC 5 . bbye real life for about 3 to 5 days
Superhero Bits: Captain Marvel Magic Eye Posters, Batman: The Animated Series Episodes Ranked & More pic.twitter.com/WfL1igrV6r
Did Captain Marvel kill their children or something? Why are conservatives are all up in arms about it?
tomorrow is captain marvels day and im so excited pic.twitter.com/01mrgMLiRQ
Heroic swag you can wear to the Captain Marvel premiere 
The Captain Marvel stans are not even hiding the fact they straight up hate men and thats why they like #CaptainMarvel  LMAOOOO. Newsflash: Feminism is NOT the same as man-hate. If you think that hating any gender or race is ok...you have issues and urgently need help  pic.twitter.com/Vt5aFX4nuT
Captain Marvel Videos Remind Us Nick Fury Is A Cool Motherf Guy - . Captain Marvel finally hits theaters (like she hits sneaky elderly folks) this Friday, so Marvel released two more videos on Sunday to remind everyone. The featurette above stars Samuel L. Jackson...
Holy fuck I'm not ready to see Captain Marvel's post credit scene . EVERY MCU film has been linked to the upcoming one EVERY SINGLE MOVIE .. What if we see Tony suffering in frickin space
One week from right now Ill be watching Captain Marvel Im crying!!!!!
Well I guess I'm watching captain marvel alone tomo
You wanted us to talk you into seeing Captain Marvel, right?
which other characters from the mcu do you want to see interacting with captain marvel on screen
Captain marvel tomorrow
I am literally so excited for captain Marvel. You should also watch Ghistjusters because it has better acting than the original  
@brielarson #CaptainMarvel Who is the better captain? Captain America or Captain Marvel?
Actually, originally Monica wore the Captain Marvel suit. She only switched to the black and white when Carol came back and she started going by Photon.
Captain marvel
captain marvel 2: carolmaria wedding
"As generic and retrograde as 'Black Panther' was specific and revolutionary, 'Captain Marvel' is a frustrating disappointment at a time when every inclusive blockbuster is fought over as though it could be the decisive battle in our never-ending culture wars."  ~ David Ehrilich
 Box office movie Captain Marvels Many, Many Identities: Brie Larson is bringing the superhero to the big screen, but in comics, there are many heroes who go by that name, including three men. Top news 2019 pic.twitter.com/yTUqGCYCbx
What movies are you going to watch this first half of year?. Me: Captain Marvel, Hellboy and Avengers endgame
@brielarson I'm hardcore mavel comic fan with out captain America no captain marvel  I  will never captain marvel if marvel studio wt reset the marvel universe get deadpool kill all character in marvel universe
the Captain Marvel film is set in the 90s. I swear to Daddy G (god) if there isnt a song and/or reference to Selena Im rioting.
@McKelvie hey, hope youre well! Would you be up for chatting to me about Captain Marvel for @BBCNewsbeat? My DMs are open! Thanks
IM SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL IN 3 DAYS
Lapit na Captain Marvel!  pic.twitter.com/vnj4tUoz2X
That the.. um.. Captain Marvel director? I think from that YouTube guy.. he shows this dudes with glasses.. pic.twitter.com/1ngtU19zbz
Its weird that Captain Marvel comes out this week and it has nowhere near the hype of the other Marvel movies released over the past couple of years with the exception of Ant Man.
I agree.  I'll go see captain marvel like the rest,  but I mostly avoid all those hate channels on YouTube.
Captain Marvel yukkkkkk
I JUST FOUND OUT IM GOING TO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL ON THE 6 AND NOT 8 FUCKKS SJAJAJSJ IM EXCITED
currently feeling jealous of the people who have already seen captain marvel, i only get to see it next week
I hope it's this same girl. She really loves Captain Marvel: 
It's not. But they're trying to paint captain marvel as being particularly bad when infinity war got similar reviews. I.e trying to discredit the movie on a flawed basis
That being said, I'm still not interested in Captain Marvel..hahaha. I watched Alita Battle Angel twice tho, that's practically the same right?
Man. I thought Ronda Rousey was gonna be the new Captain Marvel. No way I'm gonna see it now.
I have, every single one of the marvel movies have been based off of the comics in one form or another. Captain Marvel, specifically the female blonde one we see in the movie has constantly been at the bottom of the charts for comic sales. Plus the actress is sexist and racist.
Just bought Captain Marvel ticket through advance ticket sales  Can't wait to watch it next week.
Captain Marvel this week plssss
v22.0 Update!. Captain Marvel [COSMIC]. Nick Fury [SKILL]. iOS: March 6th. Android: March 7th (?). #Marvel #ContestofChampions #MCoC #CaptainMarvel #NickFury #Updatepic.twitter.com/7A2HODwRWs
captain marvel is showing today in here!!!!!
You realize the entire idea of Captain Marvel was created by white men, dont you?
So do people hate Captain Marvel because she's a woman, or did ya'll come up with something interesting this time?
brie larson: hey i want to include more diversity in my press tour! people of colour, women, etc. dudebros: BRIE LARSON TOLD ME IM NOT ALLOWED TO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL BECAUSE IM A WHITE MALE SHES SEXIST AND RACIST
Bought tickets to Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/YroMEE95lu
I dont have this exact version - but I do have captain marvel chase in my giveaway - wanna enter...?
@TheQuartering theyre even advertising captain marvel on the pictures in the App Store  pic.twitter.com/M3j6cxV46x
I find the Captain Marvel supporters are trying to silence free speech. I disliked the trailer and I didn't want to watch the movie & a whole gang started to say it was "sexist" to not watch it. This is a big toxic mess is all i can say
CAPTAIN MARVEL WAS SO SO SO SO GOOD !!? One ofthe greatest Marvel movie I've ever seen. Brilliant. I'M. IN. LOVE.
'Captain Marvel' was attacked by online trolls. Rotten Tomatoes took action. 
I wanna know, have they read the Captain Marvel comics??? And which series was their favorite?!
Captain Marvel!
showing na bukas captain marvel !!!
@kellysue saw Captain Marvel last night! My keen eye spotted your cameo and I got really excited and everyone else was confused as to why I was so happy hahah #HigherFurtherFaster
@JohnHopperstad John is it a big deal that Margaret Stohl is coming to Tri-Cities? Author of Mighty Captain Marvel...
Captain marvel!  See you later
I have never been a fan of Captain Marvel/Ms. Marvel in the books and Civil War II really didn't help. The thing I liked about her was that Rogue got her power set from her. BUT I felt very similar towards Captain America and his movie opened my mind, I hope the same happens here
I CAN'T WAIT FOR CAPTAIN MARVEL ONLY 4 MORE DAYS BUT THAT FEELS TOO LONG
Seeing a little Captain Marvel today. And then this. 
Captain marvel
When youre a lib so you tell someone who doesnt want to see captain marvel youll see something twice but you tell that to a stock owner of the company lol ok bud go see it 10 times and buy a lot of merchandise  
@brielarson CANT WAIT TO WATCH CAPTAIN MARVEL TONIGHT!! I CANT EVEN BREATHE
This was the REAL Captain Marvel from the days of 10 cent comic books. Any other Captain Marvel was an idea/character stolen from these guys. pic.twitter.com/1VZelhvbGP
Shes also appeared in the Uncanny Xmen series as Binary, and the Avengers series as Warbird in 1998. While it took a bit for her to become the better known character of captain marvel, having her own title series as Captain Marvel in 2012: In Pursuit of Flight.
I'm not excited for the Captain marvel film only because I've only seen up to iron man 2 in the mcu . I'll be excited once new marvel film doesn't just feel like more backlog
I can buy a ticket for a Sunday showing of Captain Marvel at the AMC theater in Midlothian, Virginia right now.  But it's the only movie offered.  . Same with the Regal Cinema in Midlothian, although I *can* get tickets to other movies at the Regal Cinema in Lynchburg.
Im seeing Captain Marvel at least 3 times opening weekend! Im so excited  pic.twitter.com/bsjhdvrwpk
#CaptainMarvel Trailer plays. . Me: honey, you wanna see that? . Her: dad, I dont like superheroes . Me: Captain Marvel is a girl! . Her..... Her...but. Her...(eyes widen). Her: THEN YES!! . 4 second conversation with my 6 yr old daughter just changed everything for us.
$DIS $CNK $IMAX - Captain Marvel expected to be a box office hero 
"Here's how Captain Marvel can still flop"
parody poster for Captain Marvel
Yes or No question?. Yes to Captain Marvel, 1st premiere tomorrow...
disliking something for being sjw isnt the same as disliking it for having women. Alita wasnt politicised at all about having a female lead, nor did it shit on the male audience hence people liked it. Ghostbusters and Captain Marvel however...
How was the Captain Marvel premier? I saw you there on the live stream.
i would really wanna watch captain marvel, but due to financial issue. we wouldn't be able to to so.. we have watch it because, a month after that, it'll be ENDGAME.. i wouldn't understand endgame if i would not watch captain marvel.
chris evans and scarlett johansson met last saturday to discuss matching outfits for captain marvel premiere  this is reliable because they told me
Higher,Further,Faster. @brielarson I honestly can't wait to see you kick some ass , been waiting for it for years and I got so happy when I heard you were going to be my Captain Marvel . #BrieLarson #CaptainMarvel #CarolDanverspic.twitter.com/SqIexjUyCW
My plan is to watch captain marvel at least twice in theaters
If Captain Marvel turns out to be as bad as some of its critics are giving it already, I would bet my last penny @brielarson blames it on sexism I hope its good but I wish she wouldnt use the platform she has as for political agenda
Alita was awesome.  Not a perfect adaptation of the manga, but it was still awesome.  I might go see it again the night Captain Marvel opens.
Hey folks, remember when we got Captain Marvel and Endgame barely a month apart?. Oh wait, that starts in 5 days. Exciting times
Captain Marvel done, next one is the Captain Marvel of DC Shazam
Please support woman directors and screenwriters. Show them that we care and go watch captain marvel  
ONE WEEK FROM NOW I WILL BE IN THE THEATER WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL IM LITERALLY SO EXCITED pic.twitter.com/XBykzAageY
WOW SO CAPTAIN MARVEL REALLY DID ALL THAT
Doesnt Captain Marvel defeat thanos? Thats who Samuel L Jackson called at the end right?
Could they like, not do this to Alita? It's a great movie. But Captain Marvel's probably good too.
Sadly in most theaters, Alita has been taken down for Captain Marvel this weekend
i rly wanna talk about captain marvel more, its connection to endgame, my correct theories, leaked plots, and the credit scene but at the same time i dont wanna spoil so thank u and good night
@DDayCobra @OdinsMovieBlog I confirm that a major cinema chain in the UK appears to be delaying updating their listings until last minute (next Tues) for the 8th and 9th March. On their site the only film you can see on thoose dates until then is Captain Marvel. @SCReviewsmang
Looks like I'll be seeing Captain Marvel this weekend after all. Please dear fucking god let it be good. Mildly concerned.
I didn't have to watch the Captain Marvel movie to know Brie Larson would be terrible. 
Fuck captain marvel. 
Idk why but Im laughing at the Captain Marvel debate for being good and bad. Good job Twitter moments keep up the good work.
Only a week until Captain Marvel!
Whats a worse take: men are tanking the Captain Marvel reviews or Captain Marvel is a SJW flop. Like the movie is certified fresh on Rotten Tomatoes and is tracking to do incredibly well this weekend. What is everybody freaking out about???
The Venn diagram of people shitting on Captain Marvel because "BrIe LaRsOn Is An SjW!!!!" and people who still watch/listen to Kevin Spacey/Chris Brown/R. Kelly/Woody Allen media because "you should separate the art from the artist" is a big fat fucking circle
We gonna finally come together and agree that Captain Marvel looks like ass??
Captain marvel
Captain Marvel > Shifting AHAAHAHAHA JK TIME TO STUDY
Ridiculously excited for captain marvel this weekend. I dont like the crowds so Im going Sunday at mid day. First MCU film with a female lead, #InternationalWomensDay is on the opening weekend. Its perfect and Im hyped!
captain marvel comes out & im NOT excited
TGIF! Who's got that Friday feeling?!. You know what time it is..... COMPETITION TIME! . With the release of Marvels Captain Marvel we are giving away a @OriginalFunko Pop! @captainmarvel figure! . RT & Follow @SalveoUK to #WIN!. #CaptainMarvel #Marvel #FreebieFriday #TGIFpic.twitter.com/VPxbYGJCqm
CAPTAIN MARVEL
I don't get nor do I understand the extremely childish and very premature controversy surrounding Captain Marvel, I'm not a fan of Marvel but if the film does it's job and entertains/inspires audiences then congratulations, it's a hit.. Get over it and move on.
Lets go troll Captain Marvel because Brie Larson hurt my white man pussy - Current state of reviews on a movie thats not even out yet...
If we're gonna base our disapproval of Brie Larson as Captain Marvel on her looks, may I remind you that Brandon Routh was once Superman
Theres obvious points to make about how it would be nice if the writers werent nearly ALL men, but at this current time w everything happening with the Captain Marvel backlash it was so refreshing to see a big kids movie tell boys that letting girls share your universe is rad!
So you dont notice that there are 2 Movies coming out....who's the better Captain Marvel!!! #earth2crew #PFE2 #SHPOLL19 #LinkInBio. Captain Marvel [DC] vs Captain Marvel [Marvel]
Do we still have a chance if were going to be in LA at the time? Im from NC (originally from la and still listen to you guys here) and Ill be in la all next week for captain marvel release week and am a huge fan
Anyone wanna take me on a date to watch Captain Marvel??
They waited too long for Captain Marvel. It couldnt be bigger than Infinity War and no way it could be bigger than Black Panther.
Check it out! I donated to 'Send Girls to See Captain Marvel' -   via @gofundme
tbh for me captain marvel looks pretty boring, and i love alita (the manga and the movie) but what happened to enjoying or seeing both things. they dont need to be pitted against each other.
Captain Marvel def wasnt the best marvel movie but it hypes me more for Endgame
just bought my tickets to captain marvel. can't wait.
its officially captain marvel week fellas
Ive been seeing post about Captain Marvel.. I need to watch it..
cried in the chick fil a line thinking about watching captain marvel this sat
Do you want to watch Captain Marvel with me?  I don't have money 
Just came back from "Captain marvel" and this seem fitting : 
chin LFS ng captain marvel !!!
Im trying to see captain marvel this weekend
'Captain Marvel' goes higher, further, faster in its world premiere. 
Brie, who is your favorite female marvel character besides Captain Marvel?
But captain marvel is a woman so....
Reading the debate about who is the REAL Captain Marvel following the release of the new #SHAZAM trailer earlier today. I think youll all find the REAL Captain Marvel isnt Carol Danvers or Shazam himself... The Late Stan Lee is the REAL Captain Marvel! Debate over!
funny how my desire to go see captain marvel increased by a hundred percent when i saw some stupid facebook comments by a middle aged white guy talking about how his family isnt going to support it bc marvel clearly doesnt want his money bc of how much brie hates men.
... Captain Marvel hasn't come out yet
Captain Marvel ke mang? 
I've read some Captain Marvel reviews and white women....y'all doing too much.
Captain Marvel review roundup: An uneven origin story with a strong finish 
Other : got to hunt for captain marvel premier ticket and watch before others spoiled it. Me : *refreshing captain marvel wikipedia page, waiting for plot summary spoiler XD
You going to see Captain Marvel this weekend?
Cool, now I can bash on DC again for making Captain Marvel.. (joke)
LA TWITTER: in 15m (5:30pm) Theres is going to be a Captain Marvel flyover. pic.twitter.com/2b3yItD64t
Captain Marvel tickets in the tuck.
captain marvel stunt double training. 
That's taken from the trailer so I'm gonna wait on captain marvel til I've seen the finished product.
i working tomorrow night so im not gonna be able to go to the first captain marvel screening. i am Big Sad.
not going to lie but i don't think i'll watch captain marvel this weekend
The best captain marvel
tomorrow is March which basically means Captain Marvel is a week away which also means Endgame is next month sooo lol fUCk me
But then she stands in solidarity to an woman abused...abused by white men? Or any man? Whats this have to do with Captain Marvel??. Oooooohhhhh I get it, shes looking for attention! Ok, got it.. Brush your teeth dear, brown isnt a nice color of teeth
Boycotting Captain Marvel will not affect Marvel at all. I bet if it bombed, they will use all the money they earned from their lineup last year to wipe their tears away.
@twisted_twins Are you both planning to see captain marvel this weekend.
so.. whos gonna go see captain marvel with me on friday?
And for the record, yall are gonna be just as sexist about Birds of Prey as you are Captain Marvel. . Itll just come in the form of objectification. . Youll objectify Margot just like you did with Suicide Squad. And youll do it to Mary and Jurnee too.
"cause a shit storm for Endgame if Captain Misandry bombs". I VERY much agree with that.  Captain Marvel could pour a giant bucket of cold water on the anticipation/excitement that MCU fans feel about Endgame.
Are you blatantly taking Bries statements about diversity out of context?. Are you championing a boycott of Captain Marvel?. Have you used demeaning comments to refer to Brie?. No?. Then this isnt about you.
Hey, Brie, if Captain Marvel shows up at the last second (after 20 films) to save the day, isnt that a deus ex machina?  And arent those pretty much universally considered bad writing?
Captain Marvel tomorrow..... omg bye!!!!!
Brie Larson had to learn how to make a 'cool face' as Captain Marvel 
Girls and gays. Captain Marvel in three days pic.twitter.com/kfN4w1PJAu
So excited to see the new Marvel movie Captain Marvel. This will be a huge step for Marvel having their first female superhero movie. #FemalePower #3500EDGERYAN
wow ive been talking abt this non stop with my friends but captain marvel is THAT amazing. I LOVE GOOSE THE CAT. cant wait to watch it again. AND PLEASE GO TO IMAX OR YOU WILL REGRET. BRIE WAS SO POWERFUL. i heard that comic stans will lose their shit bcs its just that good
Getting ready to watch Captain Marvel this weekend!!
The gulf between male v female critic reviews of Captain Marvel is why we need/deserve @TheCherryPicks.
Their support for films like Captain Marvel will only last as far as that benefit exists. If Marvel thinks it's not to their benefit, they won't do it. This is important to realize, because then it's easier to be prepared if Marvel flips like a switch.
Couldn't give a toss about Captain Marvel tbh
yeah men are the worst, especially white males. its not because captain marvel is a crap character or that brie larson could not show a little personality if her life depended on it. its men!!!
It depend on what direction Marvel will take the movies. Captain Marvel so far I have no interest in thanks to Brie's big mouth.
So hard to be productive today! Seeing Captain Marvel tonight and its hard to focus on anything else. Good thing I took the rest of the week off! #CaptainMarvel
No I know. I didnt mean that movies always do poorly because of female lead roles, I just meant that lately any movie with a female lead role has had a lot of negative backlash. Wonder Woman, Batwoman, and now Captain Marvel. Movies fail for all kinds of reasons. I know.
To be fair, that was the third iteration of Captain Marvel. She was the one that was around when I was reading comics, but still version 3.0.
Special message coming from captain obvious for @RachelLeishman, if captain Marvel if for little boys ans girl, why does Marvel used a body (butt) double for @brielarson... would it be for the male(men) gaze ?
Omg I just remembered Captain Marvel is TOMORROW!! pic.twitter.com/p9OuF76hdI
locals on my insta are going to be glad im finally seeing captain marvel tomorrow cause its all i post about in my stories dkfksbdndjsnww
Are u excited to get queerbaited by captain marvel because I SO am  I think theyre putting effort into this with Carol  Oh dude Im ALWAYS excited to be queerbaited 
I keep holding out hope that the end video for Captain Marvel will be, like, Kamala watching Carol on TV? >.>
Captain Marvel concept art suggests a major MCU character could be a Skrull in disguise.. This would make for quite the reveal... . 
Marvel films have been judged on an unfair scale because for 10 years they have consistently been way better than they should be. . Captain Marvel isnt a bad movie, its just the most forgettable Marvel film since Thor: The Dark World.
Here's a laughing captain marvel to make us feel better  pic.twitter.com/856uZ6OICF
The Muslim boys who get angry at this are the same kind of boys who won't watch Captain Marvel just because Brie Larson said film criticism should be open to more diverse opinions.. It's not theological. It's juvenile.  . 
We can see this with a movie that isn't even out yet, Captain Marvel, which I hope blows me away despite the bad press and promoting around it.. People are already defending something they haven't seen yet because female lead.
Excited for tomorrow!!! Captain Marvel aaaaaaaaaaa
Well, gee, what a shock. Captain Marvel went from Coming Soon to Out of Stock in two seconds. Target does nothing to stop the bots, ever.
HaHaHa!  Implement the same ideas when you Absorb Fox if it goes down the path of Captain Marvel it will be a complete failure You will lose Money and Viewers
Especially since it opened in China and Japan last Friday. Stop depriving yourself and think openly and freely. I decided not to care for Captain Marvel. You make up your own mind.
Spare a thought for anyone (*especially* someone not white and/or male) who just published an in-any-way positive Captain Marvel review. May their mentions rest in peace, the festering horde is likely dragging its collective hirsute neck toward them as we speak.
Im TIRED of seeing all this negativity around Captain Marvel  can yall please hate on it quietly. Im trying so hard not to care.
Actors Samuel L. Jackson & Brie Larson were all smiles at The Captain Marvel movie premiere in the heart of Hollywood. #RedCarpet #MoviePremiere #1540Productions #CaptainMarvel #GregLucasDesign #DisneyStudios #SamuelLJackson #BrieLarson  Line 8 Photographypic.twitter.com/U15NHduoac
The Way Of Introduction To Captain Marvel Made It Seemed Like She Has Always Been A Part Of MCU  #CaptainMarvel
@TheQuartering dude hope you are aware of what's happening with the captain sjw saga.... They bought off most cinemas in every major country to play only captain marvel. In Romania Cinema City is playing only this movie from the 8th till the 14th of March, all day long every day
Here's why there are actually two Captain Marvels on screen this year 
does anyone in captain marvel have big sexy sex with big sexy aliens
Captain Marvel booking started pola.  cc @Vijay_D0992
WAIT IS ROGUE GONNA ACTUALLY BE IN CAPTAIN MARVEL
i am over captain marvel haters
Captain Marvel Rotten Tomatoes score is 83% but Metascore only 66, which I guess indicates it's one of those movies most critics like just a little bit
Forget what the critics have to say. Go out and watch Captain Marvel. It will be worth your time.
Captain Marvel comics to read if youre excited about the movie 
The early reviews are in:  'Captain Marvel should smile more'
Should Disney and Marvel reconsider bringing in the original hero Secret Avenger, Corporate Red if Captain Marvel fails. Rumors are going crazy on the what if? #Avengers #RAW #LeBronJames #Lakers #Clippers #Showtime #CaptainMarvel 
Captain marvel
Finally made my way to iron man 3 on the way to watching all the current marvel films leading up to captain marvel and I gotta say I like this film more each time I see it
aaAa letz watch captain marvel!!
Captain Marvel tix procured for tomorrow evening. Very excited, but I still have no idea what this movie is about.
Captain Marvel: Brie Larson SPEAKS OUT on white men comments after troll backlash | Films | Entertainment 
Me in the theater enjoying captain marvel while all the dumb boys who are mad about a girl superhero stay at home "boycotting" pic.twitter.com/qFnDq1BegS
I wanna go see captain marvel
I say Captain Marvel will not be as financially successful as Black Panther. Anyone willing to bet, DM me.. @captainmarvel. @brielarson
@MarvelStudios Captain Marvel and Kim Possible promos....LOL!  This is bordering on pathetic. Geeez, when does the new Wonder Woman come out?
from the 8th Multi-plex cinemas are cancelling all showings other than Captain Marvel.  This is the big budget equivalent of forcing a meme.  If you don't believe me then check your local cinemas.  This is fucking nuts.
They may be pulling Alita for Captain Marvel.
Ill still see it, but not in theaters. Brie has left such a sour taste in my mouth that it may be hard to enjoy the movie. I can normally separate the actor from the movie, but it already feels like Im watching Brie Larson play Brie Larson in the disguise of Captain Marvel.
Films like Wonder Woman or Captain Marvel aren't made to hurt your fee-fees or designed in some super-secret backroom garrisoned by some dark estrogen brigade with a male-childhood-destroying-agenda as it's mantra -- they're for ALL of us to enjoy.
And if you don't like old white guys making good things? Fine. Get off your ass instead of complaining all day and make something better. Write a better character than Captain Marvel. Build a better nation than Wakanda.
I really hope captain marvel isnt just another generic marvel movie. Ant man 2 sucked cuz it was so generic and black panther was held back by the fact it was a marvel movie. Infinity war had iron man and the guardians to hold up the quips but its really getting tiresome
sigh I wasnt that excited for captain marvel bc im not a fan of the comics in general and was gonna wait to watch it but it looks like im really ab to go pay for it in theaters just to spite these dumbass men who dont know how to handle a female protagonist in the mcu 
Am excited to see captain marvel on Friday, but am worried it's going to be one of those films which people call 'good' because it's an achievement in diversity.
after watching captain marvel i felt so powerful and it makes me feel so so strong @brielarson did an amazing job everyone needs to watch it
i know that the movie isnt out everywhere yet but if u have a hd logoless captain marvel link hmu asap please i NEED to edit carol
Rotten tomato review for captain marvel is an 86 and it should probably fall as low as 77/78 Im guessing.
Am I the only one pumped about Captain Marvel?!
everyone out there salty about captain marvel and i'm going to watch it this thursday as self care. i also have a really nice seat since yall weak people didn't buy tickets
You know....if you two like captain marvel.....I have the chase version in my giveaway....wanna enter....?
Captain Marvel day!. #carolcorps #CaptainMarvel #Marvel 
Comic book movies have figured out a way to get Oscar nominations. Thats what this whole virtue-signaling tour for Captain Marvel is all about. It worked for Black Panther and it just might work for Captain Marvel.
Ok so my castmate just had the AUDACITY, the MF NERVE to say idk I feel like if Captain Marvel was a man theyd be more badass like damn girl I was just starting to like you  what a shame
the fact most seats for captain marvel arent sold in my cinema makes me upset
On tonights show, Captain Marvels @brielarson and @SamuelLJackson are here! #TheJRShow #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/0bkjXZKLgC
What boycott? Captain marvel is breaking pre ticket sale records
Is this where they filmed captain marvel? 
9 hours til Lucy and I see Captain Marvel!!!!!!
The hype for end game is overshadowing any hype for captain marvel
i just saw a captain marvel tv spot omg im so proud pic.twitter.com/RdqR4iJXy8
It feels like a cheap ploy to garner sympathy from the "SJW" types that these sorts of channels typically rip into.. You don't like Captain Marvel and think that other Marvel women are cool, great. Your opinion. But don't pretend to act all offended when you ain't.
Incels actually believe Captain Marvel will encourage people to make false accusations of rape. #EndIncels
 52. Captain Marvel (2019). Director: Anna Boden, Ryan Fleck pic.twitter.com/M05lw0TZA7
Now I need a partner to see Captain Marvel and Endgame with.
I dream of hearing @Airto_Flora perform this one day... Captain Marvel... 
Captain marvel comic #1 was bit poor for first issues
So Im going to see #CaptainMarvel on Friday and I have every intention of NOT POSTING SPOILERS. Just an FYI to my lovely followers. I may say things like: The cat is cute, Captain Marvel is badass, Coulson is cute. None of these are spoilers. We all know.
Chase and I got are tickets for captain marvel for Saturday and Im sooooooo excited
I like CAPTAIN MARVEL well enough. Marvel is great at streamlining their potentially grandiose comics characters into workable movie characters who you like spending time with. But if they really farm out their action sequences.... why aren't those sequences better?
Reading the mixed reviews of Captain Marvel like pic.twitter.com/NrjJrWtN4m
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Ming-Na Wen and Jeff Ward at the Captain Marvel P...  via @YouTube
I need hoes to go with me to watch Captain Marvel
I hope in the new movie, captain marvel flies in her awesome USA plane and bombs a whole city full of bad boys!!!
Captain Marvel really comes out tomorrow night
No disrespect,im still gunna watch captain marvel on a pirate copy i download on the saturday after it comes out. Unless my ol'lady wanna go pictures. Otherwise.....kickass.to
Also I still dont know when Im gonna see captain marvel so I might be seeing it on my birthday alone
When you see somebody wearing a shazam shirt in the captain marvel premiere pic.twitter.com/IjGQOqej3A
I honestly believe they are bots because they have those stupid captain marvel symbols.
I want to watch captain marvel so bad I'm so g*y for carol danvers
@zxmandyy i just booked my captain marvel ticket, be proud sis
Did you know that binary was some kind of slur? I though it was just computer code (0101011) or what Captain Marvel did when she was transformed into a cosmic being. I had to say that Marvel was racist for not using the Black Captain Marvel and GTFOT. It was a close one.
Also I mean Wonder Woman did very well. I feel like we keep forgetting WW. I love Rey. I've just never had interest in Captain Marvel as a character. My first exposure to her was Civil War 2 which is bad and I haven't had any motivation to read more since. The movie just seems...
@DDayCobra @EthanVanSciver @AbacusMike . A French publication recently released their review of Captain Marvel.... 
Captain Marvel?
I've just posted a new blog: Can Captain Marvel Fix Marvels Woman Problem? 
I love stuff yeah! How 'Captain Marvel' Star Ben Mendelsohn Nearly Missed His Big Break - Hollywood Reporter
Am I the only one not that excited for Captain Marvel?
Captain Marvel is our next Friday & honestly I cant wait!
I was SO WRONG about Captain Marvel - An apology video  via @YouTube
CAPTAIN MARVEL - "A TOTAL BORE" SAYS NEW YORK POST -  - #BrieLarson - #WakeUpAmerica - #CaptainMarvel - #NPC
captain marvel next week !!?!?!?!?!
You can enter my funko giveaway too if you like....? Its for the CHASE CAPTAIN MARVEL...! Wanna enter...?
Captain Marvel!
4 days left for DMC5 and Captain Marvel <3
Captain Marvel this weekend
If there is not- at minimum -a nod to Monica Rambeau, the African American and first female Captain Marvel in Marvel Comics continuity in the new Captain Marvel movie...its gonna be a problem.
@brielarson Who do u look up as ur Captain Marvel in real life ?. @SamuelLJackson Was that ur idea to put the "Pulp Fiction" reference when u got dusted in Infinity War?
If you don't like politics in movies, why do you like Alita?. The movie is about class difference.. Captain Marvel's message seems to be 'Women can be badass'. How is that political?
And @Marvel Captain Marvel has cost you a ultimate alliance 3 preorder.
Alita is Spanish for Little Wing and it's directed by Robert Rodriguez. Captain Marvel is literally about a white girl from the 90s. Try again.
- Captain Marvel (2019) -. Genre: Action/Science-Fiction. My rate: 6.5/10. Review: Enjoyable, pretty good storyline, but I felt something's missing and more like the Girl version of Iron Man. Captain Goosey for the win!. #Movie #Review #MovieReview #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/cEGXRaKYPK
Marvel Says "New" 7th iteration Captain Marvel (weak box office) An "Intersectional Feminist" to draw fans #LOL  via @weaselzippers
captain marvel < aquaman
All these bad CAPTAIN MARVEL reviews! Poor that.
They arent going to fire her. They dont want that smoke of being called sexist. They wont speak up and tell her you know those white men? They are the ones buying the merch and shit. Did you know the real captain marvel was black, they needed her is they want to make a statement
I hope so, ill see captain marvel once honest movie reviews about it comes out.
BITCH we just booked for Captain Marvel opening night  yassss
just seent that post credit scene from captain marvel
@CartoonHeroGuy -not just Captain Marvel, but Endgame, Spider-Man 2, and the other MCU projects because of the backlash going on? At least the DCEU is learning from their mistakes as they said, and I do like SS, WW and Aquaman. I'm beginning to feel that the MCU is being toxic.
Same here. SO much toxicity on the internet these past couple of days. Some people bashing Captain Marvel, some hating on feminism, some hating on both. So much negativity. I need a break from social media, it can be so negative and toxic sometimes
Cant wait for captain marvel
Captain Marvel anyone? Planning on wathing it on Thursday or Friday night
if you look at the photo it looks like that's the case with the captain marvel chase at 29
Nonton Captain Marvel yuk =)))
Just realized captain marvel comes out this week. WE HEA!!!!!!!!!!!!  pic.twitter.com/Gq5hgwuNYG
Ming Na could have been in Captain Marvel
It sickens me as a near-lifelong Alita fan to see alt right and alt lite grifters latch onto this character they dont understand, who doesnt stand for what they do, so they can use her as an anti captain marvel rallying cry.
I want to see captain marvel so badly but i just dont have time to see it in like forever
Just doing my small part to enjoy life at the expense of corporations fucking each other. Captain Marvel and End Game, here we go!
Haven't had a chance to see any movies lately since I might have to rush to the hospital at the drop of a hat, but I was gonna try and see Captain Marvel this week.. Will get a chance to see Alita before Shazam!, though.
Captain Marvel 
for ladies this upcoming 8th march, all of us boleh redeem FREE ticket captain marvel while stock last screening on 8pm! bole redeem since 10am on dday ONLY IN TGV #TGV #CaptainMarvel
A.Gamora. B.Scarlet Witch. C.Captain Marveld. D. Black  Widow. #CinepolisIndia. #Cinepolis  . #Contest #MarvelSuperWomen #CaptainMarvel
I didn't say she wasn't. All I'm saying is Danvers wasn't the first female character to have the title of "Captain Marvel". Monica was, and telling me that she'll get her own film is pandering bullshit.
when I get captain marvel ads,,,,, yea
me when captain marvel hits the theatres pic.twitter.com/ewm2xewQuw
captain marvel tomorrow !!!!!!!!!
@ManaByte can you give us a mini scoop of what the Captain Marvel end credits will be?
The IMAX tickets in my city for Captain Marvel got sold out in an hour..    For the whole weekend.
1000!  That was fast.  Thank You everyone who has supported my Instagram!  Comment and follow  to win Captain Marvel Tickets ;-) . Jonathan Stocks' Magical Moments Vacations 
On Thursday, well be a month and a half out from Endgame... I wonder if well get a new trailer before Captain Marvel
How many captain marvel trailers do they show? Last week I saw the better one, today I saw the crappy her o one
Anyone who's up to watch Captain Marvel??
lee Pace says this is non news as she is openly gay and in GOTG and Captain marvel this year.... but yeah SCOOP!
I really don't care about captain marvel and I have no plans on seeing it but the fact that it's making every male so pressed is just funny
The biggest credible argument with Captain Marvel is it's like everything else Disney does. It's like "Is it good?" is the last thing they think about.
CAPTAIN MARVEL EU REVIEW's are out, and they are what you would expect. google them about 9 reviews up atm.
even after captain marvel i think thor is still the most powerful avenger.
Instead of high action battles Captain Marvel will talk to the bad guys about their micro aggressions!  Then post about it on Twitter!  I cant wait for the movie!
AHHHHHHH!! i was shouting internally after the movie. . Tsada kaayo ang Binary state ni Captain Marvel. Wgywbwjwhenqjw i kennat   at NCCC Mall Buhangin
I think yall sleeping on captain marvel lol but I agree that I dont trust fox with the latest x-men flick ... I hope to be pleasantly surprised. And the Guardians are DOPE
getting a promoted tweet about captain marvel promoted by anthem cos theres a preroll ad on it for anthem, how desperate are they?
Captain Marvel was a man to start with. A blonde haired white Kree. Then Captain Marvel was a black woman. Now she's a blonde haired white woman who started life as Ms. Marvel. I'm surprised the SJW's aren't outraged that they replaced a black woman with a white woman.
My pre-watch conclusion of Captain Marvel is that Marvel themselves positioned it badly. Releasing it during all the hype of Endgame just doesnt feel right to me. I cant see myself being invested in that movies villain with Endgame hanging over my head.
march 6th - waking up to so much demi content & seeing captain marvel with two of my favourite people
Top story: How to train like Captain Marvel, physically and mentally - Los Angeles Times  see more 
New post ('Captain Marvel' star Brie Larson pushes for off-screen inclusion) has been published on NEWS&SOCIAL - 
omg captain marvel comes out this week how is it already march
lol all of these men are so quick to claim they like Alita over captain marvel when 1. Captain marvel isnt even out yet and 2. The plot of Alita pretty much fits the savior narrative they want to have of themselves
Apparently it's a post-credit scene from Captain Marvel
its come to the point that where I'll actually be proud of a white man for not being a bitch and going to captain marvel
Who the hell is pissed because Brie Larson is signing an autograph for a Captain Marvel fan?  Seriously, who is supposed to be pissed off?  This is as strawman as you can get.  Nothing more than pushing fauxrage where none exist. 
Check out last night's show, in which we discussed the Captain Marvel Controversy, Rotten Tomatoes, politics and entertainment, True Detective Season 3 and much more, including the winner of our next Viewer's Choice Live Commentary. 
nothing but respect for MY captain marvel pic.twitter.com/OnILClAp0f
Youre my captain marvel
See captain marvel
Im really trying to see Captain Marvel.
That would kill the gag. Neither one goes by the Captain Marvel codename.
Brie Larson puts muscle into 'Captain Marvel' role 
Captain Marvel is gonna blow cheeks. Calling it now
@SONICBOOMB0X is having an event where you can win tickets for the early screening of Captain Marvel
brie larson, she plays captain marvel
WAIT DOES CAPTAIN MARVEL COME OUT TOMORROW
I almost feel guilty for admitting it, but I'm way more excited about the new Hellboy than I am about Captain Marvel. . .... Honestly, I'm not that excited about Captain Marvel, now that I think about it. pic.twitter.com/xDU0IkQPel
March 6 : Captain Marvel. March 9 : Detective Pikachu
Captain Marvel by Alex Ross pic.twitter.com/Uql1DdjJif
Brie Larson reveals how girl bands got her prepared for Captain Marvel. #BrieLarson #CaptainMarvel #Marvel pic.twitter.com/WvMPVAOJwD
Omd about show the captain marvel trailer & it goes on a break. #RAW
Hey all,. Tonight is the World Premiere of "Marvel's / Disney's. "Captain Marvel". @BrieLarson judelaw @SamuelLJackson.. @AnnetteBening @ClarkGregg,. as well as many other celebrity 
Possibly seeing Captain Marvel this weekend is included in this.
Let me get out of class first  you tryna see captain marvel when it comes out ?
First comic book movie websites spread rumours about Scarlett Johnasson hating Brie Larson, now they spread fake rumours about Elizabeth Olsen and Gal Gadot hating her too? Men will do ANYTHING to make women look bad. Watch Captain Marvel March 8th
I'ma have to take a half-day Friday to see Captain Marvel
Brie Larson is so annoying but Im still going to see Captain Marvel on Thursday pic.twitter.com/cYgSacBV3p
Yup no problem. Also what I meant was about showing is the difference? I said show us the difference of likeability like Captain Marvel or Alita Battle Angel? I say Alita Battle Angel. Just saw it for the fourth time.
my internet is not working send help, but on a more positive note... CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW BITCHES!!!
Man, I knew that Captain Marvel movie was just gonna be a big airforce ad because that fly further slogan on all the merch always just sounded like something that would be printed on a recruitment table
Kris Jenner and Lisa Rinna advertising Captain Marvel, iconic
Going to go see captain marvel by myself. This is the year of doing shit by myself and doing alot of shit alone. Cause tbh if i have to go to toronto by myself i will
Adventures of Captain Marvel is a 1941 American 12-chapter black-and-white Republic Pictures film serial excellently edited and put together into one feature length move by the good people at Movies and Serials YouTube channel..  #Shazampic.twitter.com/yMRRxVqE8K
Captain Marvel, How We Got Here - a Conservative//TAKE: #CaptainMarvel #BrieLarson @brielarson
Bruh I cant wait to see Captain Marvel this weekend, finna go see that shit stoned af
if i survive this week of midterms i get to watch Captain Marvel Friday with my family... just 2 more days i can do this
Nick Fury: You know the one on your chest is glowing right?. Captain Marvel: pic.twitter.com/OzwYdIV8fC
How are those Captain Marvel reviews going? Think Im gonna watch the Game of Thrones trailer again...
Captain marvel
People just hate Captain marvel because other people do, they don't have proper judgement
i did get to see the captain marvel costume!!! pic.twitter.com/s12so8ZZ7w
Captain Marvel so litttt  Wait for Avengers 4  pic.twitter.com/LLrxucALK4
I wanna watch captain marvel already buuuut im too busy coz of acads huhuhu
I agree, however I feel like this is only a thing in your area. For me, it's like any other movie. There are 10 others airing on the release day but Captain Marvel naturally has the most times available, especially since the other movies are older.
Some more photos from the L.A. Premiere of Captain Marvel .  UPI. #LeePace #CaptainMarvel #RedCarpet #Hollywood #LosAngeles #RonanTheAccuserpic.twitter.com/F5pU9nnBiB
Man, yall really want Captain Marvel to fail.
Cant Wait to see Captain Marvel.Gonna have fun with my friend that day.
Captain Marvel
US Air Forces Thunderbirds to roar over San Fernando Valley, Pasadena and Hollywood to promote Captain Marvel movie 
Anyway, my main point is that TheMarySue is pretending the hate for Wonder Woman / Gal Gadot is similar to the hate Captain Marvel / Brie Larson is getting... which is ridiculous. And Brie Larson is only getting hate because she's made it clear she has a problem with white men.
China Box Office Tracking: Captain Marvel is ahead of all MCU titles other than Infinity War in advance ticket sales, including Spider-Man: Homecoming (+76%), AMATW (+52%), Black Panther (+43%), Civil War (+35%). A expectation of $85-95M 3-day opening is 
Really a week away from Captain Marvel. Time is flying
Wait until the 6th and Captain Marvel comes out. Theyre gonna lose it.
6 Questions We Still Have About Captain Marvel 
Now how are y'all gonna say Captain Marvel is a disapoinment . Smh y'all trash
Doing the same thing. Haha, started yesterday. Forego the notion to wear my office uniform in favor of wearing Captain Marvels.
I just wanted to reiterate my feelings from last week, Captain Marvel was am absolute blast of energy, fun and perfect humour.. Review coming soon! #captainmarvel
Carol Danvers and Goose (Captain Marvel [2019]) pic.twitter.com/Hzwbgg84BM
Grabe Captain Marvel! Can't wait for Avengers End Game!
Captain Marvel is a cosmic character and is supposed to be over powered when compared to average Avengers. There are different tiers of characters. Thor would have beat Thanos if he'd arrived sooner or aimed for the head. Also a cosmic character.
Captain Marvel this Friday, then DC next month. . I'm pumped. 
Watch them all leading up to Infinity war so you won't be lost. Oh then Captain marvel cause you know she's awesome i'm seeing it tomorrow
Not true. UK cinemas just don't usually update for the following week till Thursday. Captain marvel is only there because it's around the release day and so is concrete
Halsey in Saint Laurent @ 'Captain Marvel' LA Premiere #CaptainMarvel pic.twitter.com/DN7otyrX0R
Well, I'm sorry, but I hate that you're not taking this seroiusly enough.. I mean, shitty Marvel fans are losing their shit about Captain Marvel, but those fans are just douchebags. At least this feels right with me and this SHOULD make noise.
i'm going to the cinema in a couple hours to see captain marvel and i'm so excited!
The sad thing is how people would've been more welcoming to Captain Marvel, like they have already with almost every other MCU film, if these dumbasses knew when to shut the fuck up.
Captain marvel this week !!
Oh boy!! That's terrible. But I wasn't that excited for Captain Marvel tbh. The trailers were lackluster & Brie was a lil stone faced there. Just can't wait for Avengers End Game now. That should be like 100% on Rotten tomatoes
Captain Marvel
okay so captain marvel is coming and the jonas brothers are back and my prelim exams are coming how do i make this work
This is other star in the Captain Marvel that everyone is taking about now lol.#GooseTheCatpic.twitter.com/Us7m0N258b
I'm about to watch Captain Marvel before anyone else because I'm very Cool and Hip
I wish the Captain Marvel actress wasn't so average
If @brielarson is so much for including everyone which I 100 percent agree with then why is she playing captain marvel when the First captain marvel was a strong black woman named Monica rambeau. She has never once mentioned that fact.
Spoilers! Here's the entire Captain Marvel plot layed out from beginning to end.. 
Captain Marvel was an amazing movie. Incredible storytelling, mindblowing plot twists and a great vibe.  #captainmarvel btw: that cat is insane
Can't help but laugh at all the fucking morons frothing at the mouth working themselves up into aneurysm over a fucking tomato score because of an irrational hatred of Brie Larson and the Captain Marvel movie. Nobody cares, losers. #CaptainMarvel
Fair enough.. I'm also not interested in Alita, mainly because of the huge fucking Anime Eyes that have absolutely no business being there.. But I'm not interested in Captain Marvel either bc it just seems like a boring version of Superman + politics shoved into my face.
The captain marvel soundtrack made me feel old. pic.twitter.com/8Nqqz5QJ7j
Cringeworthy.. ALL HAIL YOUR NEW QUEEN. ALITA BATTLE ANGEL!. GO SEE IT MARCH 8TH INSTEAD OF THE SJW CRAP THAT IS CAPTAIN MARVEL!
I wanna go to the Captain Marvel premiere, who's down?
We do not have information for when the Funko POP! Marvel: Captain Marvel - Glow In The Dark Flying Captain Marvel figure will be restocked. We will share your interest in its return with our Merchandise teams. Be sure to keep checking back ( for updates!
no.... and i stated as much in one of my replies. the tweet in question wasn't being literal lmao, but you'd have to be blind to not see the eliticism and gate keeping in the comic book community. i mean just look at the backlash over the captain marvel movie.
Brie Larson had to learn how to make a 'cool face' as Captain Marvel 
CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW <3
The Real Captain Marvel. Captain Feminism is a cheap knockoff pic.twitter.com/otYNM8J50G
So you were right, the first hour of Captain Marvel goes by pretty smoothly and then it actually starts kicking ass! But still...this is the most powerful and badass superhero in superhero and movie history alike....plus omg the fricking CAT!? @RothCornet @MurrellDan Im happy
Captain Marvel was created by a white man!  And the movie was co-directed by...you guessed it...a white man.
I wasnt sure about seeing Captain Marvel but then @RealJamesWoods came out with his amazing input... Ive made my decision. I cant wait to go watch #CaptainMarvel this weekend!
i'd love to buy all of the captain marvel merch but pic.twitter.com/YefslJgWZG
me when i see another dudebro talking sh*t about captain marvel pic.twitter.com/QylQ2dDmU9
Captain Marvel
Agree. Sadly it's what I've been reading of Captain Marvel
&apos;Captain Marvel&apos;: Stars of the superhero film hit the red carpet inLA 
'Captain Marvel' is finally out this week! 'Ms. Marvel' is bound to be next... 
I wanna see Captain Marvel but I hate packed movie theaters
Anything besides captain marvel
ek o captain marvel?
Captain marvel first !
Captain marvel
Lol okay, keep thinking that when its a fact that men loved Wonder woman and Anita. And Wonderwoman and Captain marvel is for everyone. Am I allowed to say that? Since I am a black woman?
CAPTAIN MARVEL: **1/2. I mean, I really like 90s music, too, but I don't need my climactic fight scenes to be scored by No Doubt or anything like that, y'know what I mean?
hello captain marvel
Hey Captain Marvel has made her way into mindless garbage children's algorithm YouTube Videos! 
captain marvel is just getting closer & closer that means endgame is too and then ffh pic.twitter.com/O3hwhnueom
Or, perhaps criticism of something is not the same as crying because theyre female.. I dont care for Rey because of how she is established, not the fact that she is established.. Maybe some people never cared about Captain Marvel for the same reason they dont like Superman.
My bet is Ripley, Sarah Connor and Princess Leia will be far better heroines than captain marvel
captain marvel is gonna be THAT movie
So betul la, before avengers there was captain marvel haih
LOL! I can't get excited about this Captain Marvel movie. I usually find something in the Marvel movies, but this....
Now I'm wondering if this is how Alex learned how to flip and burn. Only learn from the best, am I right @Casanvar ? (Captain Marvel, 2014. DeConnick & Lopez) pic.twitter.com/GO6nwI5RJz
Hapit na mag showing ang captain marvel AHHHHHHHHH
This Friday??? Captain marvel and trip?? Im game fashoooo
My birthday is March 8th. The same day Captain Marvel comes out. All I want for my birthday is to see that movie.
CAPTAIN MARVEL RATINGS ARE GLOWING AND I AM SO HAPPY
Captain Marvel!!!!! #captainmarvel
Captain Marvel's Brie Larson revealed she's allergic to her cat sidekick Goose 
Captain marvel was lit 9/10 would recommend
Where has Captain Marvel said or been advertised or even been about women being better than men? You're making up a whole argument in order to hate on a movie that you don't want to see
things brie larson said that imply that white males shouldnt watch captain marvel 
IS CAPTAIN MARVEL BAD?. IS COVERAGE SAYING CAPTAIN MARVEL IS BAD, BAD?. IS COVERAGE SAYING CAPTAIN MARVEL IS BAD COVERAGE IS BAD, BAD?
captain marvel ticket check
Going to see captain marvel next Thursday
me: starts reading rebecca, a book with a character called mrs danvers. captain marvel: comes out friday. me: ; - D
So, locally March 8th through 13th Fandango is selling nothing but Captain Marvel. March 14th other movies start to appear again. Somehow this seems like bad business practice. Apparently Captain Marvel (Disney) does not like competition on a feminist film, or so it seems. Wow. pic.twitter.com/7E4XqvwVRe
Captain Marvel is tracking for an over/under $120 million debut. It'll be fine. As for DARK PHOENIX, it's not really being perceived as a female-led superhero flick, partially because the leading lady is the obstacle rather than the hero. . (I also hope I'm wrong)
only the captain marvel world premiere but
Who wants to watch Captain Marvel with me? I promise to add sufficient commentary throughout the movie.
Captain Marvel review embargo lifts today. Seeing it on Friday morning. The hype is real
Captain Marvel Rocks! #CaptainMarvel 
Can you not talk about the Captain Marvel post credit already
i can actually watch captain marvel this wednesday but then i decided to watch it by friday with my friends
stan twitter, we better cancel our captain marvel tickets  pic.twitter.com/zk03lzpFeR
lee pace constantly hyping up captain marvel >>>
Where as in the majority of action/adventure films women are seen as weak or less then men and in constant need of rescue.. But we dont freak out about it or boycot the movies because of it.. And for the record I do not think captain marvel is gonna make any look weak in-
@stockx hey I had some Marvel x Vans Captain Marvel shoes listed but now the whole page for the shoe has been removed from the site?
crowds reacting to captain marvel are pretty hype i just dont know if i can continue to superhero film. okay i can. okay im going thursday
This week reviewing "Captain Marvel". Been too long since we got a Marvel movie. Still recovering from all that death.
captain marvel is good but i don't understand why people clapped
Yea I compare her to the captain marvel
If your friend doesn't have your back like the Editor-in-Chief at Rotten Potatoes has the MCU's Captain Marvel's back... then you should get rid of that friend.
Done Captain Marvel. not the very best Marvel film though, it surely be quite down there for me. i give it like 7/10. but lets wait till Avengers Endgame to see how she'll really become.
Captain marvel ke
I know Wonder Woman was DC, but why is everyone acting like Captain Marvel is the first female big budget super woman movie?
That was the point of his reply genius. OP was bitching about people having issues with captain marvel as if it is the first marvel movie that is not liked as she is going at it from the braindead they must hate wahmen position. I mean sure alita is doing great, as WW did as well
i forgot about captain marvel so i haven't preordered my tix uhh
on the other hand CAPTAIN MARVEL TOMORROW NIGHT
Of all the ppl hating Captain Marvel, I havent heard any of them using this retarded logic for their reasoning. Youre either ignorant or just playing dumb.
CAPTAIN MARVEL PREMIERES TOMORROW NIGHT EVERYONE!!!!!!. WILL FINALLY GET TO SEE . @brielarson IN CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!! pic.twitter.com/VYWg6qdw7V
Marvel should just call this the Captain Marvel trailer and maybe we'll watch it 
TICKETS BOOKED TO GO SEE CAPTAIN MARVEL THIS WEEKEND!!!!
This is who Captain Mabel wants watching Captain Marvel.
While I understand the sentiment, its a bit weird that people are suddenly up in arms about military involvement in CAPTAIN MARVEL when it seems like its been a constant in Hollywood blockbusters for decades.
At the risk of going full crying-in-the-office MacGruber, any of you ATX press got a spare +1 for Captain Marvel next week?
(Picture taken after seeing Lego Movie 2 a few weeks ago.) Eve, Lisa, and I will be seeing Captain Marvel Saturday PM (3D version), and Ill be seeing it Friday PM (non-3D) with seven other co-workers. pic.twitter.com/mwgXaSQNRE
But I was pushing cars as a kid D: . "Inside Captain Marvel boot camp: How Brie Larson can now push a car"  
Where was Captain Marvel during slavery??? I demand answers @Kevfeige
cant wait to see captain marvel tomorrowwwwww
But hasn't Captain Marvel been both at some point?
Marvels Contingency plan in case of Captain Marvel failure 
Just a note, if you had said that the only people 'Trolling' Captain Marvel were men, you wouldn't have gotten so much kickback.
Excuse me, hi, can I introduce you to the other Captain of my life  (Captain Marvel, 2014. DeConnick & Lopez) pic.twitter.com/jybLHtnDpL
:/ captain marvel is dope tho
Yeah, Fox did that. I'm talking about introducing her to the MCU via her powers acquisition from Captain Marvel. It would allow Marvel to sack Brie Larson for being too polarizing and introduce another badass lead female.
Captain Marvel about to be the biggest flop of the MCU..cant wait till the real original Captain Marvel comes out.
I bet if Elizabeth Olsen was offered the role of Captain Marvel she would of turned it down. She would of known it was a bad career move and she would be right, its a disaster for Brie Larson. Everybody hates her and she cries herself to sleep every night.
i see captain marvel in 2 days !!!!!
so on 8th march twt will be fun bc women's day, captain marvel and from 8.30ist yoongis ht
Captain Marvel filmine Thunderbirds'ten destek. 
A reminder that Annette Bening vehicle CAPTAIN MARVEL is in theaters this Friday  pic.twitter.com/4s3CKsg2zG
his face looks like he just read through the World Of Dudebros in the captain marvel tag and is visibly judging you pic.twitter.com/UpuQi0AxwZ
Captain marvel just a 2hour commercial for the ends credits lmao
Captain Marvel aka Brie Larson says her movie is not for white men. K.  Ill see Alita again.
Brie Larson shares the empowering reason Captain Marvel doesnt have a love interest. More here>>>  #atlfmpic.twitter.com/XyHryPwhNr
That is gorgeous! I really can't wait to see Captain Marvel. I've been hoping since the beginning of the Marvel movies that we would see her. I'm so excited that the time is finally here.
Mumbai & Delhi - Win tickets for Captain Marvel with your superwoman! . -Tag your supermom or superwife . -Tell us a quality about her that marvels you using #MyCaptainMarvelous . -Tell us how you plan to share work at home using #ShareTheLoad . T&C: 
Hey guys, Theater chains are NOT canceling all other shows for Captain Marvel this weekend. Marvel movies have always had their showtimes ready in advance whereas the other times won't be set until Tuesday or Wednesday.. Stop spreading misinformation. Thank you and have a good day
SPOILERS!!!!!!!. The plot for #AvengersEndgame has just been leaked thanos will be taken down by #CaptainMarvel and the other wamen characters using a sexual harassment lawsuit saying captain marvel got her powers when thanos ship touched her inappropriately
IS THAT CAPTAIN MARVEL I SEE
im so excited for captain marvel like i just had HEART PALPITATIONS remembering a 2 year old tweet...like this is really about to go down ma pic.twitter.com/OwtzEl2BVz
Is this how you're going to play it? Accuse anyone who criticizes your movie of being sexist? Wonder Woman has a 92 on RT and I can guarantee you that a lot of the reviews were from men. Maybe it's just that Captain Marvel isn't that good.
IM SEEING CAPTAIN MARVEL IN 3 FUCKING DAYS BITCHES T H R E E F U C K I N G D A Y S
he really snapped at the captain marvel premiere huh because Im in love with the suit
im seeing captain marvel in a week and getting my loki tattoo in a week and a day!!!
Captain Marvel's Brie Larson on the importance of female representation in Hollywood 
That's the run that made me a fan of the character, and the reason I was so stoked about the KSD run, redesign & promotion to Captain when announced. I hope when people tear through the Carol as Captain Marvel comics that they know there's another REALLY good Carol run out there
Who cares about dilan. I'm waiting the captain marvel's cat
I mean I dont even believe that any cinema is only showing Captain Marvel unless theyre 1 screen cinemas (which often only do 1 movie a week) but ok, Ill accept you dont like superhero movies & dont think taking poor kids to movies is charity. Good for you, lil buddy
@EugeneFabTchebs captain Marvel !
All good here, Captain Marvel is with a buddy of mines that was able to cop one for me  how was yours?! @comic_coalitionpic.twitter.com/YyQ3jDFXdF
Skipping Captain Marvel. I just hope the other characters hide/obfuscate all the SJW-ism of captain marvel in end game.
im so excited for captain marvel just so i can see Fury and Coulson in the mcu again
Shes allowed to take pictures with fans. Being pro diversity doesn't restrict you from being around white people that doesn't make any sense. Besides she doesn't know any of these people. They're cosplaying Captain Marvel, so she referred to them as squad. It's not hard to get.
 #Washoku #Sushi [WKYC]The movie industry buzz on Captain Marvel is that its Marvel Comics long-awaited gender-friendly response to DC Comics hit movie Wonder Woman. And that it is. The Academy Award-winning Best Actress
wtf i didnt know that lee pace is in captain marvel
Ganda captain marvel wind breaker sa globe shop amputa miss ko na rin gamitin card ko aaaaaaaaaaa so fucking broke ih8
Fucking love my fiance.. Me: Shall we go see Captain Marvel at the weekend. Her: Meh. Me: Its pissed off a load of whiny men because its a female superhero. Her: YES LETS GO SEE IT
We'll probably watch captain marvel on Saturday and watch how to train your dragon 3 another time. It just sucks that we won't be able to see the movie my bro wanted to mainly watch
CAPTAIN MARVEL CAROL DANVERS
We will be at Alamo Drafthouse Corpus Christi this Friday from 6-9 pm for Captain Marvel! . Come on out for your chance to win some . Corpus Christi Comic Con tickets! 
Follow Carol Danvers as she becomes one of the universes most powerful heroes in Captain Marvel at BFI @IMAX > 
WE'LL BE WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!!!!!!
Captain Marvel IMAX tickets are going for nearly $20. I just hope the movie is good. Im choosing to be optimistic. pic.twitter.com/phQowm2oYO
Captain Marvel has been introduced and its every thing that Green Lantern could not be!!
CAPTAIN MARVEL WEEK !!!!!
Thanos' rationale for mass genocide has changed to some illogical bs and he hasn't received a fraction of the backlash you're implying is acceptable if it is aimed at Captain Marvel being the hero because she is stronger than Thanos.. when her movie isn't even ABOUT thanos.
I got off Twitter dot com this morning as soon as I saw dumb boys ragging on Captain Marvel and it seems this was a correct choice
Can anyone send me the of course i support men's rights, men's rights to shut the fuck up Captain Marvel meme
bitch I'm watching Captain Marvel tomorrow I can't fcking wait
why do i feel like there's no way Captain Marvel is as bad as Ant-Man and the Wasp
Yeah I saw Alita and loved it. There's no way I would go to see Captain Marvel as I don't hate white men and they don't deserve to be treated like crap for their skin colour and sex.
Captain marvel didnt fail? Its not out yet. You didnt see it yet.
#UCLfantasy Captain Marvel: matchday eight 
For the life of me I can't understand (cough FEMENISM cough, cough) why....... Captain Marvel Review: A Massively Disappointing Introduction to Carol Danvers 
We dont hate Rey because shes a female, we hate her because she lacks development and solves all her problems effortlessly. Captain Marvel might be okay, but the marketing is garbage. Everyone loves Ripley and Sarah Connor because they grew and developed. Nice try. 
I CANT BELIEVE BY THIS TIME NEXT WEEK I WILL PROBABLY HAVE SEEN CAPTAIN MARVEL!!!!!!!
No hype around Captain Marvel movie
Marvels going all out on these Captain Marvel promotions 
Alita is a MUUUCH less mainstream movie than Captain Marvel so most people who went to see it are people that seek out movies like that, liked the Orginal work or saw the trailer and liked it enough to see the movie, Captain Marvel though? It's Marvel, it's Disney, its been 1/2
Well atleast its more interesting than Captain marvel
No one spoil Captain Marvel sa ha please lang
I know people who dont want to see Captain Marvel because they are tired of Super Hero films. . Or they just arent interested in Captain Marvel.. But if your problem is identity politics in film?. Now youre just working to uphold a blatantly biased system.
Someone explain why every movie theater is playing Captain Marvel this weekend, to the exclusion of any other movies?. Easy to be number one with no competition, eh @MarvelStudios ?
Wouldn't review bombing Captain Marvel only prove that Rotten Tomatoes is terrible at giving you an idea of whether a movie is good?
From Jordan Peele's "Us" to "Captain Marvel" the biggest film releases of March 2019 - HITC 
How Captain Marvel breaks the superhero mold 
Captain Marvel wasnt great BUT IM HYPED FOR ENDGAME NOW UWU
Captain Marvel yay or nay?
West Coast Avengers & Captain Marvel, Die by @kierongillen and @HansStephanie
OH, if this is a pair of Captain Marvel Ultra Boosts I am SO in.
The point was the film isnt for white men, it was for women. The film has a female lead and it was specifically for a female audience as Captain Marvel is the first female (only) centric Marvel film, so Id rather hear womens opinions on the film for them than mens.
i want to rewatch captain marvel
Captain Marvel
It's a normal practice, usually happens with most movies. Normally it's overlooked but because Captain Marvel is under such a critical eye I can understand why some might react strongly if they didn't understand the process. I did the same thing, don't worry.
OUUUUU captain marvel comes out this weekend. MEANING I can get him off the game long enough for a mom&dad night before she gets here
@brielarson you said your Captain Marvel movie isn't for white guys? Do you look at the demographic breakdowns of the Marvel Audience? You are either naive or just refusing reality. Either you win because I will not waste my money and I will make sure everyone I know doesn't go.
captain marvel is now at 83% on rotten tomatoes, before it was at 91% do you think it's still gonna go down or not? :(  I think its going to go down when it releases but sadly not for the right reasons 
, and I'm rooting for Iron Man to die in Endgame. Another counterpoint would probably be "Oh, well Leia in Star Wars in condecending and rude to the men around her." The difference between the way Captain Marvel does it and the way Leia does it are very different.
Why is everyone suddenly saying that Captain Marvel is bad?
Wait, theres a Captain Marvel emoji?!
im totally surprised with indiewire's review about Captain Marvel. literally
MY DUMB AND IMPATIENT ASS THOUGHT THERE WAS ONLY ONE POST-CREDIT SCENE TO CAPTAIN MARVEL
tell girls how you feel you dumb chaotic sapphics also watch captain marvel in theaters pic.twitter.com/g1CS0CImIu
Omg my brain just mixed and matched 2 things. Im thinking of the flame lady of hellboy. I was literally thinking through the whole thing how the lady has the same flame effects as captain marvel.. I did an oopsie
i just realised captain marvel is in less than a week and- pic.twitter.com/X0qRQSn7A1
yes and Captain marvel  I would go nuts waiting that long.
I literally just had the saddest realization of my life that Im more excited to see the after credits scene for Captain Marvel than I am to see the actual movie pic.twitter.com/eDVCn3RKix
I dont think you noticed that the filmmakers of Wonder Woman in fact set the foundation that it was okay for DC films to ignore said cinematic universe. And for what its worth, the film was strictly okay and Im not expecting anymore from Captain Marvel either.
Captain Marvel Special Screening: Heres how you can watch Captain Marvel before its official release in India. 
LMAOOO SIIIIIS U HAVENT SEEN MY CAPTAIN MARVEL TRAILER REACTION THEN DRKZLZL IT AINT CUTE AT ALL WHICH IS WHY I NEVER POSTED
Looking forward to going to the movies on Saturday to watch Captain Marvel...not sure how I feel about the trailers but at least I have an excuse to eat popcorn and drink soda.
You also can't go to see Captain Marvel if you're in prison just in case you need extra motivation to not commit a murder
Christ, all the people frothing over the "conspiracy" of Captain Marvel being "the only thing on theaters" next week are the epitome of invented rage. PSA: theater schedules update at week's end, so only presales for upcoming blockbuster will show now, otherwise it'd be blank.
I think she's teased in captain marvel actually, lol.
Where would you put captain marvel?
Now booking... Captain Marvel 
I can wait for Endgame. CAPtain Marvel a quanflix special.
Captain Marvel review: meeting some of the highest expectations yet for a Marvel movie - The Verge 
As Captain Marvel is coming out this week, lets appreciate how amazing Avengers Earths Mightiest Heroes did with these characters. pic.twitter.com/LKSbbUQidM
Sam Jackson and then CGI young Sam Jackson from Captain Marvel co-star.
goodmorning to Captain Marvel only
ONE WEEK UNTIL CAPTAIN MARVEL! Cant Wait
Captain Marvel Friday
Captain Marvel early reviews are in and theyre as uninspiring as Brie Larsons acting in the trailers. Sigh.
Oh man. All the Captain Marvel reviews are hitting and I'm twitching trying not to read them. JUST A FEW HOURS.
Probably not. But I assume this is really over Captain Marvel. It's a movie I'm not gonna see. Not because I hate it but because I just don't care. I don't watch a lot of Marvel movies anymore. I missed the last three.
Its modren March, its episode 100 so it has to be big, and the boys love CG. Its gotta be all the MCU films cut into chronological order (including trailer scenes from Captain Marvel). Well done gentlemen.
So @MarcusVanZan and I decided to skip down to metrotown to show our support for the upcoming Captain Marvel movie... went to Stanley Video (a nice 90s homage to 
Oh one last thing, one of the BEST things about #CaptainMarvel is the relationship between Captain Marvel, Maria Rambeau and Maria's daughter, Monica. The power of sisterhood and motherhood is on full display.
Break. . Captain Marvel is actually good.
Have to watch captain marvel this weekend to get ready for End Game. I feel like Ill be lost if I dont watch it
I'll still go to watch Captain Marvel tomorrow..... But... I will have 0 fun and scream WTF in my head.... :/ pic.twitter.com/mZ1NTrfb1i
Captain Marvel : 10/20 #MonCinoche
I imagine a lot of them go out of their way to downvote/troll any video that has Captain Marvel. Happened with Black Panther, too.
This Thursday the long awaited rematch from Episode 1 comes to a head as Wonder Woman takes on ARW Women's Champion Captain Marvel! pic.twitter.com/lgtMtKLXRZ
Captain Marvel, Us and more are all set to debut at the box office this month. . 
Got my ticket for Captain Marvel for Thursday!  #HigherFurtherFaster
Captain Marvel, SW Ep 9 and The Joker. . Tip of the hat to the Alita and Hidden World scores. We've started 2019 strong.
i've heard so many stra*ght b*ys today talk about how they don't to see captain marvel because its "feminist" .... tiny dick energy
You really wanna look at the glowups of Carol Danvers Captain Marvel (2012), Miles Morales (2011), and Spider-Gwen (2015) and tell me they'd be comfortable losing that breeding ground? Okay then...
They should all shut up. Captain Marvel is going to be awesome and I'm looking forward to taking my daughter to see it
Tickets booked, off to see Captain Marvel on release night! See you then @ODEONCinemas
@DeliaMary Hello Delia,. Hope you are doing well I just want to share Captain Marvel Jacket Collection that we recently launched the website. if you're interested please let me know.
The people who are complaining about and review bombing Captain Marvel are 100% justified and you should feel ashamed for disagreeing with them.
Brie Larson had to learn how to make a 'cool face' as Captain Marvel pic.twitter.com/WDl9pRO2xy
Captain Marvel is probably going to suck because most comic book movies are bad, and the Kree and Skrulls are boring. That said, the same fanboys who fanboy for every other shitty superhero movie are going to find it Captain Marvel especially objectionable.
Just checked my local theaters and it's literally just Captain Marvel this weekend. What gives?
Captain Marvel comes out next week yay!!!
I talked to a teenage girl yesterday while driving for Lyft and she said she felt Captain Marvel wasnt a strong female character and Bree Larson was miscast.
Im a completionist and Ill watch Captain Marvel no matter what, but the early reviews make the film sound like a typical MCU sophomore outing instead of a strong first start. 
Gemma Chans character on Captain Marvel should have a spinoff called... Kree Rich Asian. . (Thank you for laughing, I workshopped that joke)
Lol...  Jeremy Jahns is tearing Captain Marvel to shreds .. Said Gal Gadot did a better Job.
i really could care less about about spoilers so oomfies whove seen captain marvel tell me EVERYTHING
Tirade?  She said one thing last June unrelated to Captain Marvel and another thing a few weeks ago thats been blown way out of proportion by some YouTube channels that dont have any new Star Wars material to work with.
Captain Marvel next weekend! Cant wait
Captain Marvel is going to be terrible. I can feel it.
Captain Marvel is already doing huge numbers outside of North America. "Go Woke, Go Broke."
Captain Marvel world premiere goes higher, further,faster 
Yo I can't wait for Captain Marvel.
I mean... They are on Captain Marvel Volume 13 at this point, right?
Cant wait to see captain marvel with Priscila
I feel like captain marvel is going to be trash
Captain Marvel is coming out at the end of the incoming week. That is a big source of joy for me right now.
Note Lupita's the only one not smiling big, if at all, in the upper section [noted as a potential character clue/another example of poster's attention to detail, not as one of Brie Larson/Captain Marvel's "Why isn't this woman smiling?!" poster trolls]
My life improved immensely when I stopped competing with my wife. I am not afraid of my wife feeling empowered by a female superhero and Captain Marvel was my favorite. Her self-confidence has made us stronger as a couple. In the Age of Trump, The Coward feels Empowered. SMDH.
To say that Carol Danvers Captain Marvel is a C list character is being FAR too generous!  She is literally THE MOST LOATHED character in Marvel Comics both by the comic fandom and by her peers within the comic (i.e. other heroes)!
My latest explainer is a two-for-one! Captain Marvel is probably going to introduce us to the intergalactic beef between the Kree and the Skrullsso here's what you need to know about both the event called the Kree-Skrull War and the wider lore behind it. 
oh shit new captain marvel trailer during the uswnt game
Captain Marvel isnt perfect and the Midsommar trailer isnt out yet so fuck Tuesday Im going back to sleep
Just curious here: who the hell is captain marvel ? This looks absolutely terrible
Captain Marvel will be in theaters a week from today!!!! Omg I cant waitttt
Captain marvel tomorrow
i want a padm layout bc queen's shadow, but i also want a carol layout bc captain marvel BUT I ALSO want a five layout bc the umbrella academy ugh help me
Will Maria Hill make an appearance in Captain Marvel?
i have a lot to say about captain marvel
Brazil loves you Brie and Captain Marvel !!!!!
Apparently all they're going to show in theaters on the opening weekend is captain marvel, that's how bad this has gotten they're literally not even giving you an option. Here's a link to a video covering the topic. 
im so excited to see Captain Marvel & im so proud of you & happy for you :)
Its Captain Marvel eve eve for me !!!! Happy CM eve eve to meeee.
Heres a pic of my article header cause I cant believe I got to chat with Samuel L. Jackson about Captain Marvel & he shone a light on his friendship and support for Brie & reflected on making Marvel movies. #CaptainMarvel #MCU #SamuelLJackson #MarvelStudiospic.twitter.com/fQIOvDFg10
Also Im glad Awards ssn is over cuz I too am kinda over the world obsessing over Bradley/Gaga + newly discovered Queen fans overplaying Bohemian Raphody\Under Pressure + can we all just focus on Captain Marvel please cuz I was her last Halloween+Im genuinely excited for this.
Wonder Woman = completely apolitical. Captain Marvel = the SJW agenda. Is that how it works?
Captain Marvel in one week. Yes Im hype. Yes I follow Marvel like a Twitter handle. sue me.
yay captain marvel movie date this thursday
Just hit me: OMG CAPTAIN MARVEL IS OUT NEXT WEEK!. Just asked my partner if he wanted to see it with me the 1st, 2nd or 3rd time I see it in theaters. . He called first. . My new job starts March 18. . Who wants to go with me for the 2nd and 3rd? (and maybe 4th and 5th?)
Some cunt better gan see captain marvel and endgame with is like or am gana be livid
Captain Marvel: 'Feels so EMBARRASSING' Brie Larsons major superhero moment was 'awkward' 
@brielarson mam....a little fan from India.... Done booking tickets of CAPTAIN MARVEL...tremendous hyped.... To see you in the film... pic.twitter.com/cgDpcelATb
Meet Goose the cat, the four-legged star of"Captain Marvel" 
Captain Marvel Thursday at 730 check. Can't wait
Captain Marvel just got demoted to specialist.
i wont be able to see captain marvel on premiere night:(((((((( im Sad
Thanks. I know a lot of us are looking forward to the movie and will probably tweet about it after. Any non #Earpers might look up the Captain Marvel hashtag and it would be cool if the #FightforWynonna was mixed in a bit.
Waiting For Captain Marvel !!
time to mute captain marvel i guess
I heard Captain Marvel was so focused on making a political statement they forgot to give Carol Danvers a personality.
